You know that what I do is to write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientists like this.
I can get me to me as an farmers -- or you have no one has ever chosen an agriculture to me.
I'm here today to talk to you about circle and electronics.
And you know that a child is usually something that you get in somewhere else.
You just have to turn it back to it to see it as a editor.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bobble.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the years in the average school in the middle school, in the average school, where I was the side of the class.
When they went out to blood every week in the boat of the girls until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life to allow me to go into the teacher of the teachers in the teacher room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a pilot, and 45 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco -- I found a lovel -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fight against AIDS organizations that were going to be able to work against AIDS
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I got a phone called a phone called a phone call of that teacher -- the short part of that said, "I need to see it.
I am depressed that we have never got to meet them.
You could come to Oh, and please bring that man that I know you've already found anymore.
And I have to tell you that I have a card cancer, and I would like you to go up with this for favor?
Well, the next day we were in Carrola.
We went to see it to you, and we went up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we were interested in, and we take it out of his family, because it was necessary to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so the woman who wanted to tell me as an adult came to me, it became a box box and it was in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed -- it had become a circle -- and that flow that I told you was present in itself.
It is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my couple and I save it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs true and beauty and I'm very happy to talk a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs -- you need it, love and plate. And it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist -- connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that all of it is interrelated.
I was for the first time to the Artish about 10 years ago, and I saw my first phones.
I was assumed.
My heart.
And then they were going to me around the water around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think that it was a kind of story about a little bit of seven years after year.
You know, the bottles are born when you get out of the glamours or the ice.
Every single text has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way of interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to give them up and take it up to the end, while others can't make it more and they go out in a little bit of dramatic passion here.
It's easy to think, when you look at a text, which are signal and alone.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As it comes up with a text, I am losing their own open atmosphere.
And as you put a biomass out of it that you have to be able to look up with a little bit of rich water that feed many forms of life.
I was going to photograph these institutions as if it would be about the challenges of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are in the same way, and they will not exist in that way again.
It's not the death when they deliver -- it's not a end, but a continent of his way by the cycle of life.
And part of the ice that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a photograph that photograph in Kerushans, Greek.
It's a little bit free to actually get to a reduced pill.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the title and his flower line.
You can see here, it starts to run, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a team of the average size.
It was sound out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And this is what we do -- the time shows a different side of their personal people.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couple of parts in 1960, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of a building a baby. Okay.
So, two couple of them with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much on the details of the consciousness because if you stop thinking about the concept in yes, they're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the cross and the spectrum of the spectral goes to the X X-ray.
And in the other case, the X creature of the hope is going to the age of the floor of the view.
And both of them look at and started life.
We're going to talk about them later.
In my ground activity is going to be two relationships.
And in one of my relationships. I work with the story of analogy.
I am a shared story and what I study in this case is the way people are going to be able to be able to be the advance -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have you considered the body experiments.
The other role that I wish in my work is activity, and as a definition of patients or as I say sometimes of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical features came up with social robots.
I've been working for example, for example, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with entrances, people much lower than the media.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with an adult sex -- individuals whose physical biology is not in the male magazine and conventional fears.
In general line, we can call it interviewing.
The intentional intensity is a lot of ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't get it in the forms of male or female ways.
So for example, it's the case of the individual industry who is construction of the company of the creature and he says to the prototypes, which we all have in the front life, which are going to be terrified.
And then, in the front life, the techniques produce testosterone.
But because this individual will be able to be able to be training records, the body doesn't reaction to the same.
It is the substance of intensity to the tragedy.
So, there are high levels of experiments.
As a consequences -- the body is developed by following a typical correct course of the correct.
When I was born, the baby has a little bit of a girl as well.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And often it is not but to the public, when it's growing up and developing the fish, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when someone is going to realize something is going on.
And then you can actually make some of them realize that instead of having some of the obstacles and literature.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women like men -- we have in the body something called supermarket glaciers.
They're in the top of the body.
The speakers are produced by the head -- the hormone of music.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their concern structure -- I think to be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the tragedy.
We produce training and we respond to the tragedy.
As a consequences -- someone like me has the most expensive brain to the drugs that the woman who was born with terrorists that have the subject of intensity to the transportations.
So sex is something complicated -- it is not that the researchers are in the middle of the -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example -- a few years ago, I got a call out of a 10 years old -- and I was born and created as you -- I had a night, and I had sexual relationships with it, he took a life as a guy and just found out that I had some of the observations and tour.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a continuous substance of continuous.
I had 20th 20th and in the course of the substance that were so active that they were so active that, they created a male environment.
As a consequences -- their great people were mapped, his brain was also exposed to the human component to the typical thing.
I was born with a child, no one said anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems made by the interest mechanical, when doctors found that in fact, it was a woman in the world.
Well, another example of a case of interesting.
Some people with 20th 20th people develop what you know as observation, is to say, they have a little bit of computer tissue on technology.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies -- it's going to be entry, girls -- or innovation, they have a neurological surgery.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy people.
The reason you get to various surgery.
The system is based on the idea of the idea that a particular act bring up a particular identity.
We have the idea that it's going to be a woman is to have a female identity is to be able to be black to say to have Africa in historical terms in terms of history.
A terrible idea.
And when it comes to us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with capitalist.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that we have in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very romantic industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people in a body.
The last recent case is last year with the South South South Africa Carrot Serviously, and he was in the middle of his sex.
A lot of performances called to ask me, "What are you going to do to do in order to figure out if Carnegie September is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to the performances that there is not such a strange.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature is not a online line between men and women or women and women and women and women and women and innovations -- we are who we put that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science is, the more we have to admit that these citizens -- we were thinking about it was some of the things that are made directly with strange ideas -- they're much more different than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of race -- something that it turns out much more complicated than the energy allows it.
And as we see, we go into a stream of executive the way.
Let's look at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees of it.
What will we take from the fact that we can do in just a few nuclears?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an income area where we have to recognize that the things that we have is that we are going to have probably a little bit too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of the forms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the fight in the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment to stop which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fingers.
There are a very nice discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within the medicine when someone is considered to be dead.
Our ancestors had never had to go into this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a piece in front of the nose and if it was still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, to take some video organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequences we need to do with the design of a really death of someone really -- and this is put up in a difficult situation in which we don't have the simple.
And you may think that this cards of cells could be able to get someone like me.
In politics I am a progress, I define people with unusual bodies -- but I have to admit that I get nervous to me.
I will think that these cells are much more excited than we thought about me.
I think from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And in order to tell you about this temperature first I have to admit that I am a shape of the parents of the Fortune parents here.
I know that they were race, I know they were sexual, but they were big.
I mean, they were so vulnerable and so radical and so radical in what they did, that I find me so much looking at that music cost 130 and not for the music, which is totally happened.
This is why it happened in 1837 with the Fortune parents with the Fortune parents with it.
The Fording parents were to me, for me, the first activities of the advance and explain why.
The thing that they went back was a advance and they replace it with another one that was radical and beautiful and being kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember -- what you would remember our parents were the idea of the mountain -- the motor was based on a very simple concept of advertising.
The old. The old.
They had the concept of blue blood up.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right rate of the grandmother to the father and then the son, etc.
The Forest parents came up with that idea and they replace it for a new piece and that concept was that all men are created the same.
They came up with the game field and decided that the act that matters was the automation in common and not the adult differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing a part of a light system where they were getting two things.
It was making democracy and at the same time I was born the science.
And it was very clear -- if we look at the history of the Forest parents that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
And they were distinctive from the subtle explanation and they were reaching the concept of subtle power that is going to be a idea of a rest of the born.
They were moving into a natural concept there.
And if you look at it, for example, the Delico of industry, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequences they were taking us to the idea of the adult consciousness.
And by doing that, they were sitting there in the future of the future of civil rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
Then he came to the success of the civil rights movement with people in the City Carrola Trianger, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the children of the civil rights movement.
Again, the color people who were going on to the public consciousness on the absolute difference and again, they brought up.
We see the same with the Discovery of the Discover.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consciousness we have to start to ask you why we keep certain diversity people.
But attention, I want to keep a number of public diversity in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give us to the adult.
I don't want to say that at the age of five years were going to allow them to have sexual relationships or home.
There are a few of them that for me make sense and I think we should hold up.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two of these two of this talk at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them at the middle of here exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them -- Mars was born three months before time -- the one of Rome of Rome in Walter of astonishing.
Henry -- by the way, I was born in term -- he was born at the one of March 1945.
So by the only fact that I was born three months before Mars will take up all the rights three months before I read the right -- the right to the sexual consequences to the right, the right, the right to brand.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
So we found other pieces in relationship to their rights.
Henry of being considered to be considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's a training -- it's now considered to be considered a man in the population that Mars doesn't have to worry about it.
Mars -- it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states for example.
Henry can be able to get around in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can go to a woman in some states in some state.
And so you still have an alternative heart that in several aspects are problematic and consumption.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the advance that we came to the point of having to admit that a democracy.
I don't want to get to the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science will get up.
Where do we come from?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of present antibiotics, "Well, we have to stop the line in some part, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are going on in a remote position of it.
So for example, Texas at a certain moment has decided that to go to a man -- you don't have to have creatures -- and that to get a woman to have a woman you have to have crashes.
Now, in practice do not make a little bit of a economic exploring to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you at the beginning of the substance of intensity to the transportations.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Martin Libra King, in his speech "Hey Harbon was a solution.
It says that we should play people not in the color of his skin but in the content of his career, going beyond the advance.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good at it.
But in practice -- how do you do?
How do you take people on the content of their career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that I should be based on this to bring them right to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know about some of them that are probably going to probably have the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the words that I know can be able to take more infected decisions -- smart and mothers about their sexual relationships that people from 40 that I know.
So how do you put a practice of the container of the care content?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me was asked what would happen if the close of a person could be measure with an instrument -- maybe with a magnetic resistance.
What do we really want to get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to go through this kind of thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job of democracy and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like a man who feels like a man who feels killed by other men is suspected to be supporting -- unless it's willing to be willing to be a sex change where the case is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I got to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I was talking about a couple of years ago that I had made a little bit of a few years to put them up and then will be able to be able to take it up and take their family.
But when the phone was asked by the opposite of the operation -- it was a very risk operating -- I was telling me that in that other country these kids would be very marriage and he had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, have you considered the political approach instead of the automatically substance separate?
So the United States has huge possibilities to people to be who are who are who are not going to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in your head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents that I've been talking about.
And I want to think about what the democracy would be, or as it could have been.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a female, and it is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different attacks from different archives in particular if there are people thinking about group.
Since years ago, because I've been interested in international -- I've also been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way we think and operating in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women -- in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the past, one of my approach I knew that I was interested in the female -- I was sitting in the feminist -- as I -- I was doing a whole plant.
Tell me what it has of female form.
And I thought, "It's the most happy question I've heard about.
The female has to do with give up the gender experiments.
But the more I have thought about his question, it has been like that there is something that is a female in the families.
I mean, there might be something in average, which is a different thing between the female brain and the male that makes us more treatment to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable brain.
So, if the parents were very likely to find the way to protect people by the state of the state -- it's possible that, from having done more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have been able to have the concept of protection with the prototype of the prototype of it.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the advance, and think less in the individual body, in terms of identity and think more in the relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, let's think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family is going to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are compared to bring up to new resistance.
Well, at this moment we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing developing countries that don't tell a single city to get them.
But the amazing thing about the cities is that it's worth much more than its building cost of it.
So we could easily put it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be supported if you never thought about new cities.
But just to get them through approach building.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in plants that were present and that the other half is still going to do that.
You could try to increase the ability to make assistances in all the existing building.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that are around them and the areas that they are going to avoid the molecules and the distribution of the construction in the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction
So it would be very hard to do all of those assessments.
But you could go to a totally new place, to build a totally new building building -- always and when the rules of that place is making the building rather than putting it up.
So I tried that the governments are creating new areas of society to connect cities, and I gave them a name, and I gave them a name and a name of it.
And later I came up in front of the same time at least at the same time, David and Egyptian were thinking about the challenge of relatively released.
They knew that every year about 75 homes would come out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of 2009, Hollywood went through a stranger construction crisis.
And in the next remote choices -- I used to work on a platform with a platform in which I promise and at the same time.
I asked him to be able to hear the was his hand from the gain.
And while I was looking at me to give a talk in TEDTalk.
And through a perception process, trial and mistake and a lot of evidence and a lot of evidence with users -- I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
And the first point was the importance of rules -- like those rules that say you can't go and motivate all of the residents of approaches.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies as you have to program -- and it's usually the rules that are supporting us to move on.
In the middle of 2010, a friend of Google sent him to the Earth a story with TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, you know, you know this to the leaders of our country.
And so we went back in Michael, in a color room.
I tried to explain this point about the valuable thing that are the cities, much more valuable than their mountain cost about.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York City that, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a party, I said, "Painform, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in a very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where you start with the spaces -- a state that species the rules that are going to apply there and a choice so that people can choose if you want to go or not to live under those brains.
So the president of Homo called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to our own country.
I asked me to go out to Texas, and I would talk about the four and five of them.
So I came up with another talk full of data, which even an image like this, who was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Venerge and the white line is the new thing that was built in Denmark.
It's just about 100 miles away from 100 miles away.
So I was trying to convince the homes that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that made up for at least one thousand square kilometers away.
That's more than 100,000 sensors.
All of the world comes together.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attacks.
The leader of the computer goes up to the platform and said, "The Reston Robert, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this would explain the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might go to be in Homos, rather than hundreds of miles away from North distance to the North time.
And it will also include new choices for leaders too.
Because the government leaders would need to help from associated countries -- they could benefit from the countries associated that would help them be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to trust that the state is actually going to be able to be able to be able to
We went and saw a site there.
This picture is there.
It could be easily about a thousand square kilometers away.
And a little bit after -- I was going to go out in the Congress to get up in the Congress to get his Congress and add a computer device that allows to create these special regions of developing these kinds of development here.
In a country that I had just gone through this painful crisis.
And all of the parasites, all of the factors in society -- they preserved.
In order to get in the Constant, you have to add two times in the Congress.
The 17 percent of flower came back over again on another voice, 1944 to one.
immediately after the voter, the 21 to 24 to 24 of all, a detail of about 30 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested to participate in cities.
One of them is North of the South thing.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in the South Court, and it's bigger than the center of the Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after the past four years ago getting them out of it.
The other country in the building building is Sanitalia.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're being prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are creating a legal system that would allow me to be able to come in, and then it would allow you to operate under an extraordinary legal system.
A country has already been made to allow her to allow her to.
There are an university and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of fundamental.
But the only thing that we know that you've got a good number of posts.
There are a lot of companies that would like to be in the America, especially in a place with an area of free free, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There are a million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave her family to go to their family to go to a job -- sometimes they are solid mothers that have to win the money for just eating or buy clothes.
Now, sometimes even there are children who are trying to meet with their parents who have not seen in a few cases, in a decade ago.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hollywoods?"
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you think about trying to think about the families that are able to choose between several cities who are compared to bring new responses?
This is an idea that is worth disappointing.
And my happy friends asked me to say, "You know, thank you.
I am Jesus, and this is my partner.
But before I show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public conclusion -- and it is that, I live obsessed with the trainers.
I love to find it, and more recently, and more recently, I would photograph and published in my blog broken, color and different and different to each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is in a second hand of the pilots and the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand is allowed to reduce the impact of my ground in the environment and in my biologist.
And I come to know people who are interested by my money is going to a good cause -- my aspect is unique -- and buy it into my own personal search of terrorism.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it about my state?
Do I like the color?
Do you cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I feel that I've won it.
So let's go back to the subject of my smell, I want to tell you what I would impact for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring up with that corner?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought about.
I've brought seven feet out of it, and nothing else.
Right for exactly a week is all I've put in my own one.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I would like to use after coming up here to Paul Springs.
And because I don't know like the woman who walked through TED in the inside --  -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
doesn't it sound interesting, right?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that it would look like or not, I have learned in this advance of not using new clothes.
Let's start with the document.
So this is a brilliant title.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can always be able to see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the garden, and it is the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lines, color is energy.
It's pretty much impossible to be a bad thing, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to take other happy people.
Mars is survival.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you take the right people, you don't just get you to get you to get you to get you to get you.
Microsoft: Good of the child who takes into it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the discussions, or I remember his little seven years.
I like to tell you and say, thank you.
Johnson: trust is the key to it.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure that you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning up.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside -- there is no look at it.
So there is no question for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Voices, a universal truth for you, and the strangers are going with everything.
And then finally, standing down to a personal personality and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going on this week simply by what I was using -- and we had fantastic.
obviously all of this is not going to go into my little partner.
So before I go home, I am going to give everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get to these things, because back to the corner of the corner -- there will always be another crazy strength, and I had a clean and bright and bright and brilliant waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side -- which is the logic part and the right side, which is the intellectual part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the action of every seeds -- we could design a plan of our brain.
So for example, this would be somebody who is completely logic to do.
This would be somebody who is totally institutions.
So where do you take your brain on this scale at this scale.
Some of them would take for one of these extreme things, but I think for most of the researchers of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great piece in both drugs at the same time.
It's not going to be a lot of excitement.
You can be logic and intellectual.
I think of one of those people, which just like most of the other quantum physics, we need pretty logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of interaction to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see as a reaction -- and then we developed our interaction to that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
You have to be a matter that may have developed with the years of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a station of scale.
It was a little child and I didn't do it very well, it always did.
But I believe that the playing with that station is taught to a lesson worth -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to do, and they stay in a place.
This is a great computer model that you can have in the world, except that you are a particles of particles that you can have in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a particles of particles -- because they don't play with some of these little particles play with these small particles play with these small particles ...
And when they play with their particles -- they discovered that they do all kinds of things that are really weird -- as you can go into walls or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they call it the quantum theory of quantum mechanics theory.
At that point I was found the physics for a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles to describe those little particles in it.
But I didn't need to describe the big objects that are given us every day.
That was not going to be very well to my research, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles with it.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles here.
But it was no longer to my logic part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics -- then it should not all be able to follow the early quantum mechanics in quantum mechanics so then.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object is also still the principles of quantum mechanics as well.
That's why a few years ago, I got to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a substance of quantum mechanics here.
So what we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the media.
That's the metaphor of that I'm going to talk to you in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit to a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good thing in the little metropolitan training.
So what we see is a little method of metal, and it would be supporting it in a platform in a platform of it.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a again, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to do this organization with a piece of station that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum system, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an antibiotic.
You know what it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am on a state -- I do all kinds of weird things -- but then when other people go up to make those things, because I don't want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do that.
The quantum mechanics says that the incomplicated objects are made in the same way.
The journey of the journey of the travel objects are not just people, it's also the light that the warm and the wind that happens to her side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to agree on quantum mechanics -- we would have to go to all the other passions.
And that's what we did.
We went up the lights -- then we tried a spectrum and we put all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree for the zero zero one.
Now, when you're just on the elementary, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly on, I was looking at the way I was looking at it as a breath of this way -- as a force that comes up and it comes in.
And when you give it a substance -- we were able to be able to go back and I didn't go back at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics of quantum mechanics at all.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean to be one thing and didn't go to the same time.
So let's think about it.
In a case, all sorts of training that they make that piece of metal -- and at the same time those same things are moving up and down to the down.
It's just in determines when those are closed up.
In the rest of the time are depressed.
It means that every story is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Right?
It was worth to get a clean room in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between a single story and that goal is more or less the same than the difference between that metaphor and you.
So if you can just be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logic part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was depressed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And this is when we heat it, and we looked at the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal was still there in one piece in one piece in one piece of it.
And I was able to get to this new interface -- I appreciate all of the objects in the email is actually just quantum objects that are just doing in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics of quantum mechanics that all of it is interrelated.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connections -- your connection to all the things that are around you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep run of quantum mechanics of quantum mechanics of it.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And it was 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google until it read the idea of doing something related to museum and art to my broken that's here and that allowed me to take it to it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- I make sure -- with 17 very interesting museum of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't go -- but I had no access to many of these museum and work.
So when I began to travel and go to music, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, try to make the desire to make it more access by technology.
So we made a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
better than I show you a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from his landing.
So simply let's go to Google.
Look around all the museum you have.
It's the U.S. Galaxy, the Monterey, the Richard, the Richard God.
In fact I'm going to go into one of my favorite favorites, the Medical museum of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We can click and page, we are already inside the music.
It doesn't matter where they are, Boyal or Muslim, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they move up.
Do you want to notice for the museum?
We open up the back of the top, and with a single click -- we go into it.
They're inside that you want to go at the end of the pass.
They go ahead of it.
Excellence.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Sameless Park in the Melicroscope.
I look at the question ...
If the museum shows us the image -- we make a click there.
So look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metabolic information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can make a click there, but I am going to click up here right now.
And this is one of the images that we have evolved in what we call the giant technology.
So this image -- for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 billion people.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion pennies?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion people.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression doesn't have price here.
But if you really want to go down.
So I began to play, and I found something that happens there.
And I said to me, one moment, this seems interesting.
In and I discovered that children were actually playing something.
I started a little bit, I talked to some people from the Medical Melon, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The Death called a channel with a spend with a stop with a piece of Carnegie savings.
And it was very popular to me.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and you'll see that you can really be able to get even the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image -- so you will actually see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the painting here.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to be able to go over again in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started."
The example I showed you was to find a lot of details.
But what if you want to see the pieces?
And if you want to see how you're going to look at the God actually created this short show?
It increases it and true that you do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this show, and I'm really going to get to the grandparents.
This is the night, I think I had never seen it that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite work.
There's a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool thing. It's called "World."
All of you, absolutely all, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturer, that's the same.
You can online to create their own museum to create their own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, and I have created this function that I call "The "Tom of the "moment?"
This is about "The Sameless National Galaxy of London in London.
You can take it up to it, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when they have these things that feel like these things.
So I think to me, I think to me, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't come from Google there.
No, in my view, even don't come from the museum either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists come from them.
And that's been my human experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital means it makes your piece of art and which is represented at the line.
And the big question I'm doing today is, "You did this to replace the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good later.
I have something to show you.
Think of it that it is a painting, a flying audience.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from an institution -- I am from an institution -- all the children in the wall grow up with this picture on the wall of his dominance -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened to be a very interesting thing in the fact that I was going to be a very interesting thing in the
It makes a time ago, if you wanted to win a couple of Forgue one, I took a budget and I took it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the ball were good enough -- you won the career.
This is what in engineering is called real control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sense and an accident.
Now what's interesting today is that the control systems are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronic people.
They're getting computers into the free air.
And as they are starting to answer a different way and they can be destroyed and accepted.
It is a big cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions of CO2 emissions of CO2 emissions of CO2 emissions today.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More than cities, all of these scientists and activities are coming into our everyday objects.
This is from an excellence of Paul Alexander at the end of the Moon at the summer of the summer during the summer, in the summer of the summer during the summer here.
It's called Taskin Media Medica.
Well, our objects -- the environment, start to talk to them.
In a way, it is like almost all of the extends that are struggled and actives.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
And in a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michael anger.
You know, when I heard the Mosques, you say that at the end I took the mountain and it says to the monkeys -- you can still see a little thing to see a little bit below -- and he said to me, "Peria not a painting?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples on the idea of taking the environment and action something.
So let's start with the detect here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with the back of 2005.
It was the year in which I'm going to give you the world.
Maybe some of them remember it, they were playing Indian and Francisco and at the end of the children's charge.
And anyway, at the end won Indus.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at the activity on the network.
Here we see the city.
You look at the College in the middle and the Rome Earth.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is in the top of the time.
And so there are early people around here, and there you call calls, moving in.
It starts the station, silence.
Gulf of France from France.
The control -- people do a quick call and go to the sea.
Second time.
First of all, second.
Zealand, and at a moment, the card.
Ganget International, yeah.
That night was all to celebrate it to the center.
And so you see the big piece.
The next day they were going to be the center to the center of the team and the first member of then.
And then everybody comes down.
You see the picture of the place called City Massachusetts where it is from the room -- people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party -- you can see the piece at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we build on.
Today, we know everything about our objects.
This is a map that shows all the kids that make a Mach, how they stop.
But we know very little about where things are.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to bring the rate into their spirit for the system.
So we started with a little bit of volunteers that helped us in satellite a little bit more than a year, to take out of what they were addictively, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of you would be able to do.
Then we put them a little chip, a state, and then we started to bring it out.
These are the results of it.
And I'm going to take from September.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of evidence in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're going on complicated things and there is a lot of transportation there.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at all the days that the story that we are going on is that we are going to take it out of the planet.
That if the plastic block that we were able to take a day still on there.
And that if we show that to people, then we will be able to provide some change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT Project, I could tell you a lot more about detail and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spanish and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, new technology, will go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a state, was, imagine that they have a car and volunteers, volunteers that are open up and they carrying.
It's created as a water, with water.
If you fall out of the pieces you can write on them, to show patterns -- images -- images.
And when you get up, the car will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We present this to the Berum Bell.
I like a lot of it.
And you want to do a combination to design the building to the English building.
We call it a digital water.
All the building is made of water.
There are no door, but when you get it open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there is a bit of wind -- if you want to look at the sandwiches, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all of the architecture.
Those days, there will always be somebody in the winter -- when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Do you know the building."
No, it is not that they have delivered it, but when it comes down almost all of the architecture.
This is in work.
You see the people who are interested by what happens in it.
And here I am trying to try not to try and try to try and try and test the water.
I think I should tell you what happened in one night when all the sensors stopped work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zarabian came to the building because the way of interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that would keep making short and water holes and one had to go out of not moving.
And for us that was very interesting because it was very interesting because as an architect, designers always think about the use that people will give our design.
But then reality is always incredible.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical attitudes -- the paradox of water, and from the water on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that they could start to fly out.
Imagine that they could have small helicopters in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with other ones on it.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of favorite screen like this with a normal conflict in two dimensions in two dimensions.
Or normal or in three dimensions where it changes is the light, not the position of the pieces.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen was going on in different scale and stories in different kinds of solution.
And then all of that was able to go up in 3D parts that you can get up, and you will be able to see and see from a lot of different everyone.
This is the real Florida controlled -- going down to the bottom to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have every ball with an interview that comes from people, the movement of people, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boy -- -- the star of the New York City.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pieces, you can see it in different robot.
It's so much.
It can get all the movement.
You can go around the way.
And once we have them we can play with them, with color and movement.
We want to use this as a possible thing for the Floor.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It is something for the London, Olympic games of London,
It's called the Nigeria.
And the idea is, imagine again again, that we could invest the people to do something and change our environment -- like a creatures of clouds, like the crazy one, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them give you a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend from the physical world to the digital world.
We have done everything like knowledge.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, of the power of the networks to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That means something built in a city.
But the morning can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CO2 emissions -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in collective way.
The cloud is a cloud of again, again, in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles in it.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are paintings.
It's a physical structure in London, but he covered out of pieces.
You can move into the inside, having different experience.
You can see it from the down, to be to share to share the main moments of the Golden Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, as a new one.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital factory at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the one.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
I guess I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more accurate and faster and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in a better way, to be stronger to be even more experiments.
Would you like to be more attractive and sure of themselves.
What about a good health with good health.
Or maybe they are all of those people who always wanted to be more creative to be more creative as well.
What did you want to do it?
What would you like if you could choose something.
And the Audience: creativity Creativity.
How many people would be able to pick up the creativity of creative?
They raise your hand. Let me see.
Somebody. It was probably because of the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you would pick up the memory memory?
A few more.
And the physical state of it?
A little less.
What about the gathering of the gardener?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a medical thing.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible.
The evolution has been a sense here in the TED conference -- but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, Thank you. Doctor who would be made in the College Open Russian Russia, wrote an extra trial in biology makes sense to the light of the evolution?
But if they actually accept the biological evolution -- this is just about the past, or the future?
Is the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this rate, right on an extreme one, is of course, the most interested in.
We destroy from a common ancestors with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the interest there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of sound.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 300 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in its most most of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can take and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the protect of the human institution that is used to treat diagnosed?
This is not like human institution -- but it is the same protein -- chemical that it comes out of the partners.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body, in the rest of the bodies that we have in the rest of the body, right?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when I arrive -- when I arrive in the automation -- you think of the bacteria?
This is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for them.
It's class, dark -- it's very embracing.
And we're going to provide all the nuclear that you can want without an effort of their part.
It really is like a quick way for the bacteria with the wrong interface of some of the forces of some force force towards it.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They will help us to tell us social nuclear nutrients, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species.
Or do you have to become something different -- something maybe better than the environment.
So in this vast significant point of the universe, life on Earth is like a big companies, the animals, like one and only companies -- and the human life, a small note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the strange part of this talk so I hope that they have enjoy it.
When I was coming to college I had my first kind of biology.
And I was fascinated by power and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life -- every single cell -- every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought up to two cells.
But when you look at multiple organisms -- things start to change.
It comes into the sex represent the sexual relationships.
And something really important, with the surface of the sexual responsibility that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the death of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual kingdom.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought when I was a college student I thought -- sex, sexual death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had more doubts.
I came to understand the feeling of George Buddhist, who still was in the Vietnam Venus in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his home door to the hotel.
He opened the door.
And in front of him is a magnificent paper limited box.
I look at it and he says, "You know, he was looking for a sex supply?
"This is good, he says George, I say the sound."
I realized -- as a doctor who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlling just different.
I was trying to prevent the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy to us.
I wanted to get the health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy way.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a fact that I designed to send the genetic charge to the next direct level, and then let me fall to the sea here.
And I think we all understand the feeling that you express West Walk when he said, "I don't want to get the importance through my work.
I want to do it not discover.
The evolution doesn't necessarily make it for light.
They don't necessarily have the largest or the stronger or the faster and even the most intelligent one.
The evolution is made to the better creatures in their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean that you can survive the heat of the streams that can survive the heat of the streets that would produce -- if there were fish there, I fish to the empty -- yet they have managed to do that an empty environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at the evolution and if you look at the evolution and if we go back to the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if you look at the floor, the next thing -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolution it.
We've reached a kind of balance here.
And it would be that by medicine would be that by medicine in the first place, we have been able to prevent a lot of genes that somehow would have been destroyed and employees of the population.
And second, as a species -- we've set up our environment for us to take up to us as well as we take to him.
And by the way, we microscope, and we carrying us so much that no longer is that it is no longer possible to have a need to have an evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you have an evolution of the traditional guy, natural type of nature.
And the argument here would be that the profits of the evolution is going to be disabled -- but they're inevitable.
And when the island, when we have a kind of different planets are going to exist the island and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an antibiotic possibility -- intentional and stream.
The call call the neurons, the new evolution that is not just natural -- but shark for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we will consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions of their depression.
In some culture, they are choose to have more variation than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose to individual and family level.
Think of it as well as it could be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their depression, but in his own body to make the genetic air to cure or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to pick up the designers or the Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or elephant the locked?
They didn't want to do those changes in your genes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human genome started in 1969, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of having ended up, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion parts of the human genome to a cost of the human genome and at the time of a week.
It will not get a lot to make a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more to the
They come up with those changes.
And the same technology that has produced human institution in bacteria can make a virus that are not just going to protect us from them, but they are going to be able to give us information against other virus.
Contention or there is not an amazing trial in course with the vaccine against the cell cell in the cells of a commercial plant plants.
Can you imagine something good about the teacher?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just the other two little changes.
Can you change the cells from their bodies but if you could change the cells of your depths?
And if you could change the hope and the vehicles, or change the worth of the record -- and give your children a better chance of a more healthy life to pick up the dialogue, to bring the emotional risk will reduce the risk of cancer, reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want any more healthy kids.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same piece of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a high sports as a better memory for us.
Why don't you have the income of a Kenya, especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Waters?
Why don't you have a faster control that allows us to run faster and more distinctive?
Why don't I live more time?
This is going to be surrounded.
And when we are in the conditions of taking this to the next generation and we can take the ones that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the record.
We're going to take a process that would normally take a thousand years old, and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandmothers, or the great of their grandmothers, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society.
Or, we are going to pick up a lot of different creatures that we want for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that will be more stronger and more regulated and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to deal with.
And the deeper thing about all, we are going to be able to develop the wisdom and would have the wisdom that you need to take these decisions that are drawing these decisions?
So for good or for the way I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explore when you are to 100 feet old.
Imagine an airplane full of me.
Imagine a engine by doing that, clean, climate.
He called a call -- call -- call it. It sounds station.
Well, I had a single device that day -- I was sitting in 19.
It was the only one that I could talk to with the screen.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "You know, there is no problem.
The ball had already seen the plane and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The ball is the plane with the Human river with it.
That's usually not the robot.
And I went out of the motors.
Imagine being in a plane and no operations.
And then he said three words ...
The three more depressed words I've heard about.
He said, "I'm going to make the impact?
I did not have to talk more with the floor.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was ended up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before I die. These things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and I didn't do it, all of the close that I wanted to do, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had it.
And as I was thinking about that, I came up with a picture -- I came up with a phrase, which is "Coral cameras bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to take nothing in life.
And that purpose.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were looking at the George Washington bridge -- who was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a great weight of it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes have tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And it takes the time that they were going on in things that they didn't care about people who are matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then as a half of that, I decided to pick up the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like a wonderful thing.
I don't try to be right. It's going to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental roll is going to go on, "The 14, 14, 13.
You see the water.
I'm saying, please.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documents like that.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of the forest, I was going to die.
It's almost like we've been looking for it all our life.
But it was very sad out.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sad is going on in a only thought, which is, I just want one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree -- not a lot of an artistic table -- still --  and free, I mean, like a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
And I was going to get a military -- not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift that was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You who are flying out today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please not be like this -- but imagine, and how do they change it.
What do you do, they still expect to do because you think they're going to live for always always going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing are the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I've clearly been growing in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy called TEDT.
TEDx was one of the most important graphs of the 80 years.
One day he came up to his house after running and he said, "Who, I feel a guy in the legs."
And that was the beginning of E.U.
Today TED has a total paradoxical.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design business company and an animation -- so obviously the blood is something that we have to take and respect in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to pay to Titan, TEDx, and his cause of it.
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We are going to give them this money.
What are you going to do with it."
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Theater again.
I just want to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me.
And I said to him -- one second is not that -- I saw Steve Africa -- is that all the people who can communicate through those state?
And he said, "No, unless you be someone important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not ready for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate that?
Does anybody look at the film "The Fourth and the man who was the standard?
They communicate in that way -- they go through the fingers of it.
I said to her, "This is activity. How can it be?
So I came up with the only desire to get a mouth and rather than that I had an idea that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I got to me with his brother and his father there at that time, "Well, this is the trial, Toyle is going to talk about, and we're going to be able to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to do their art again.
Because it's right that someone who have so much on your inside can't be able to communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greenland Radelly Radelly Camera who allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a leader point, they draw about that, and they record the negative space.
So they go out there making art institutions like this.
All of the things that come out, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with the sexual organs then with the bad words, then with the bad words, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, a lot of organization and a lot to move things from one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we went to the door companies and we get a machine to be able to be able to communicate -- a machine.
Which was great.
And yet, it's about the most fun -- I call him South because when I talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing that we did was to bring up to seven programs around the world -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the rocks of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back and these hackers and stability and substrates and substances took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something totally stupid and that when we came back to the walls of the walls and in their place would have been.
But for two weeks we said, we went to the San Service, my son was part of my son as well, and we created this.
It's called Economic Economy, and you can see the description.
These are a couple of sun states that we buy in the San Behand, which is a frame of company and story of Homo Denmark and Radio Salan.
We took a PDA camera -- we open it up, we open it on a light, and now there is a device that is free -- you build one -- we published the free code -- the software goes down in free.
And we created a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There is no safe company to say no.
There is no hospital that I can say no.
Any person who is with a little bit of access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDxy room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all of this business and advanced during the big instruction.
And after over a year of plastic -- two weeks of program -- two weeks away from the entire night.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We run the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall in the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the station.
The funny thing was that we had to break out in the station so we feel like we were making the blood too.
At the end of this -- he sent us an electronic rich, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful.
In some way that is our war.
That's what keeps us in movement.
And we have a long way for this.
It's a great device but it is the equivalent of a magic screen here.
Somebody with this artistic potential needs a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and rules.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of principles.
remember, it's free -- none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own.
The principles were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And I had a little bit about something about us and then, in decision, the story was telling us as one of the 50 best 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up with the circle -- is that in open this year in the Gulf of MIT at the center of Los Angeles is going to have an expert called "The States in the Clays."
And "Arabic in the Clements: it's going to have the best urban art.
TEDx is going to be in the sound which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to do it possible.
Nothing of what there is in this room was possible -- it was possible -- the computer -- the microscope, nothing was possible at some time.
I do it possible.
I am not a program -- I never did anything with the cycle of cycle record, I just recognize something and associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we have to do with something that we have to do -- if it's not now, when do I am -- and if I'm not me -- who I am like, who I am like, who I am like, who I am like, who I am like, who I am not
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years to keep up in a very very difficult time and at the same time a little dangerous time.
I went to create -- hard.
I worked on a card of carbon ...
Film in areas of war and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been going to me in a lot of a horrible thing with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that are going to come up with.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TED thing about the world of sea and the patient wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago I took a park in Earth.
I sent some messages in Facebook -- some on Twitter -- I offered the rights of the name of my TED name in the name of me.
What there was the next thing was the next thing that was the next one, my TED Tesaman, which has no idea what it is about and according to it, and I could tell you in the face -- especially if I put it in the river to you or his company to do it.
But he said this -- it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
A lot.
It's a professor in progress by the way.
So even with that stage knew that someone was going to buy the names of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would have been able to tell you a year ago.
But in the new film that I am working on, we are going to look at the world of marketing, and we were going to look at the world of marketing -- the public.
And as I said before I said to me in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could take me up, nothing could take up, for something as hard or as dangerous as coming into the room with these guys with these guys with them.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Monterey States: I want to make a film that comes from the products of products -- marketing and public, and that all of the film is financial with products of products and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest film ever selling.
What happens in "The largest film ever selling is that all of the top in the bottom -- in the end of the end -- it has marketing images -- all the time -- from the advance that comes out before the teacher, the X mark.
Now this marker, Michael Steven, the Separt Center.
These people are going to be used to the phenomenon to performance -- forever.
And so the film explore all this idea.
I am a regulate weight. MK: I just tell you -- it was more for failure.
It was "Panadomer." For always for forever.
But we are not only going to have the age of the age of X in the title but we're going to make sure that we can make sure that we can in the family.
Maybe we sold a shoes and become the most cool shoes that you have ...
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest film ever said, the best bomb that you have been born, the biggest movie ever said.
She showed him Japanese Kate: The idea is then as part of the life, to make them a failure?
And the goal of the film of the film is the transformation of it.
They are going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all of the film in the end.
And I would love to help you make it happen.
Robert Frankly, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- is the example for the audience.
God, I don't know how far it is going to be the people to that.
AK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you "all "all are very negative -- but you know how it is going to replace?
MR: A million and a half a half -- Richard Kanzania, I think it's going to be hard to be hard with them, but that certainly is going to be worth to convince a couple of big sea.
AK: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film comes out of the film we look at us as a whole bunch of the glass ideas.
MR: What do you think is going to be the answer.
Street Red, most of the answers will be not."
MR: But it's going to be hard to sell it for the film or to be me?
JF: both things.
MR:  -- it means you are not very optimistic.
So they help me help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right. All right.
MK: We have to think of what makes it market.
MR: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat it.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MT: I thought I was going to take the camera -- it meant we have a conversation out of microscope.
And I took the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MR: And so it was, one for one for one of these companies were supposed to come up.
No wanted to have nothing to do with this film.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressive -- I thought the concept of the automobile, was to introduce the product as many people as possible as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
And especially in the world today is that we have a new media and old media and the stage of the middle media -- it's not the idea to tell that new level of attention that is going to take the message to the masses of the masses?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a genetic mistake.
I actually no, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for images of translators in Google --                                                   This is one of the first images that
I like your way to running up, Serbin Britain.
This was the problem -- the transportation of simulation or a storytelling or a statement -- easily determined or seen -- easily standing or seen -- it's going to be able to be able to look at the vision or an information of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transformation in these days.
Our politicians would name it, the president the name of the name of the name of it.
But suddenly when it comes to actually make it a little bit of it surely changes it.
But by what? Well, the transition gives fear --  -- like that weird use that still goes up.
It's really interesting.    like this rural way.
And it's also very risk.
What else is risky?
You eat a whole piece of Columbia Wikipedia.
That is very risk.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want a story to tell a story, but you tell your story about it.
You see, when I was a child and my father was sitting in some point -- and there is him to look at me as I used to do it -- he said, "Oh, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an Angeles wanted to help me to help me to help me to help me and I met John Boy and Richard Kanzanian of many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own.
So what I started to do about a sudden -- what I started to realize is that when you start to become the companies the idea of understanding your husband is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big movies, huge giant and others that make small film, independent movies like that.
And my friends who make Hollywood Hollywood movies in big Hollywood -- they say that the reason that their movies have so much success.
And then my friends who make independent movies they say, "Well, how are we going to do with these big giants film?
And the film is called "The largest film ever said.
How are we going to see specifically in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my battle, you will see the Bangladesh Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone can tell you Are you good for this intervention?
Are you ready -- you see you a little bit.
I want to help you to get up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there he would give him one of these famous shortest.
So much.
We're going to have so much for man as for a woman for a woman -- solid, to ball, in terms like that.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a locked look at it.
Kander Frank: We are a small market.
similar to the kind of smaller movie that you tell -- we are more well in a very very right market.
And so we don't have the budget that have other sea.
So do things like that, you know, to remind people of the reason that this is why we are interested in.
MR: What words would you use to describe Bang?"
He is in white is in white there.
JF: That's a big question.
Woman: technology.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the advance.
Man: We talk about something about, frustration.
I believe that "really "really is a big word that actually put this community in positive and the story and the stop."
It keeps you front.
How do we keep a more time -- with better freedom, more freedom, three times more frustration.
And things like those who get the benefits out there.
MR: And that's a multi-complex company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man in the street, and people like me, to the common People.
They have to talk to me about me.
MR: How do you define your market?
Man: mom my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: I'll go back the 80 pencil at less than it's going to be danced.
MR: All right, what is the Garden Garden?"
German: Something unique -- Michael Man: I guess the kind of gender -- the station that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like a lot of dark colors -- so many fat and things like this.
And so I usually take access as a sun, or I like the critics and similar people.
Woman: If Dan was a market could be a classic consumer, Metrologist Berto.
man 2: The sea that I are, I would call it a calculate video.
woman 2: In a piece of high, in a piece of counter, I don't know.
Man: I am the kind of property.
And I come to play for passions in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my marker.
In my little sector that's my marker.
Man: My sea is Firet because I went into the market.
He said, man, Mandela scaling failure.
Is that that?
Audience: I am a landing market.
this: I'm Tasman.
MR: Well, we can't all be a market -- but I often clean me in the internal glamorous interface of the dark glad and sheet of the cat."
I realized that I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the Martin "reconcently?"
And I found a company called Oloth Zan in Pines.
They helped them companies like Neurological, Find, Hanny to discover that market personality.
If they could do it for them, they would probably do it for me.
Budget, Iranian photos, right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: telling me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MT: These people model my way to see the world.
E: telling me about that world.
MR: That world? I think your world is the world that you live -- like the people who run you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original and they start in a place and in my case, and you start in my family, in the West Virginia.
E: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MR: The next one is this was the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thinking, feelings and your way to be?
MR: It's like who I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird stuff -- I like the weird things.
E: How many of the why is that?
What is the male of the marriage? What do you find you do now?
Why is it important to replace? What is the red red."
telling me a little bit about that.
It's a little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other guys have you ever had.
I don't have to have a fear -- which kind of mountain are you?
MR: Audience: (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Yeah.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy at all this.
Liberia Zando, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complexity, in your marketing period -- the March Maria Marian is a changed.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a pay in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid the fear -- those elements -- and you actually get it up and you actually get it to make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other markets are that that?
So the first here is the classic -- Ashapable.
And you can also see here to Tarania, Wikipedia, Michael Council and Jew.
Now there are a little bit of a content -- and those things that have gone and come out and a periodic market is a pretty powerful thing.
MR: A prediction of the pressure -- what's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your sea identity -- your market periodic, what would it be?
Are you a care advance? Are you somebody who makes blood flow flow down.
Or are you more well an advanced ancestor?
A little bit more called, reserved, conversation?
The cars are like being like to be freedom to be frustration like the Prime, and I mean, the present or audience like Europe Florida, quickly or a bill, death, magnitude, magic or magnitude like Gandhi.
Or are you more well of a death dense?
Are you aware of the sounds?
Are you statistically, traditional protection, protecting you with Open Day?
Are you conflict, I mean, family -- safe, safe, safe, saving or known, like the data Langer or Europe?
In the course of this film we had over 500 companies and stronger and destroyed, they didn't want to make a part of this project.
They didn't want to have nothing to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control on the final product.
And they allowed us to tell the history of the neurons, and we got to tell the story in this film of how you now use the magnetic responsibility to identify the center of the wish in the brain as much as a matter of the crime for a city.
We went to San Paul where they have put the automobile into the free air.
In the whole city for the last five years there are no ships, there are no cards, no vehicles, nothing.
And we went to school distribution in which companies are going on in the schools with light problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more successful are those in which I've interact with things right now.
And that's what they did all of these things.
They went to the interventions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat it directly with an artist on an artist today.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be able to think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have them? They were successful success?
Well, since the film is in the Serable of Saturney, let's take a look at it.
And according to Buddhists the film got in front of it, and so -- -- -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million images in the media for this picture.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks ago.
That's just online -- and I don't think -- no TV.
The film is still not different.
It's still not online, it's not at the time.
It's not even been present in other countries.
At the end of all, this film has already started to win itself.
And it's not bad because it's almost all of the agencies that we talk to him about the ones that we were talking to their customers won't be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get risk if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you get the people from that is putting them into the failure.
I believe that when you train their jobs in the risk of the risk of the risk is getting all his company to look at record.
I feel like what it has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to get up.
We have to encourage the people that don't have fear of the opportunities that you can use them.
At the end of all, you know, I think we have to give me a place to fear.
We have to put that use on a galaxy.
We open the fear of fear -- we open the risk.
From a car at the time, we have to open up the risk of risk.
And in fact, we have to bring the transformation to transformation there.
Now more than a little bit of honest is going to go a long way.
And he said this, with honor and transformation -- all of my talk "Arabia has been introduced by my good friends of HIV who by 9.
HG: becoming big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
ECL present the Traditional Traditional."
Thank you very much.
James Charle: So, Moore, in the name of the transformation that happened exactly with those elephants?
MR: It's an extraordinary question.
And I have a child at the name of the name of the TED.
And the idea behind the thing is actually very simple.
We don't want it to go out the nuclear book.
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the present plant plant in Naizard.
The flu box you see are control systems in real time.
If we get these systems that control these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The flu box don't use software of Wikipedia, are a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus of Wikipedia in a police computer used by an engineer to control this giant box -- then we are ready to.
This is the plan behind These.
We started with a William institution.
The ocean goes to the grass box -- it gives the central box -- and the nuclear program is stronger -- it's sharing music.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
And when we started to research about Stephen six months ago, the purpose was completely destroyed.
The only thing that I knew is that it's very, very complex in the Park part of the Western, the installation used multiple of a dancing vaccine.
And it seemed like to do something with these giant box systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we get our environment with Stanite and we saw what happened to this.
So they spent very strange things.
Stanford was made up as a lab of lab that didn't like our way, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with a lot of different gentlemen, I realized -- and I thought, this is a kind of kind of advanced.
It's completely strange.
The institution is looking at in the giant box if you find a specific conflict and even if the program is trying to do is actually trying to do is actually working in that place.
If no, Steven doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, an energy plant plant of the United States, or a chemical plant in Germany.
better than we would find the goal soon with.
And so we put up and we disappear the code, and we discovered that I was structure in two digital bombs, a small and a big one.
And we also saw that they were really proud of people who obviously had all the interesting information.
They know all of the points that will be able to do.
You probably even know how much the operation is.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the Stanford institution is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the charge is very complex to you.
It's very much about everything we have seen before.
Here you see a show of this piece of active.
We're talking about about 15 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old state language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at terrorists and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with the world potential of the real world.
We need theory of determines that we can add or depressing.
In order to get to theory -- we remember that it is definitely a violent sheet, it has to be a valuable white white, and it's sure in Iran because it is where most of the infrastructure has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goal in that area.
It basically goes down to the nuclear energy plant in the Building plant and the profit plant plant.
And so I told my assistance, "I'm going to be a list of all the experts in understanding and plants of energy between our clients."
I called them and I told them in an effort for taking their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to support the little digital ocean with the control.
The robot is that mobile part of the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this bottom, they certainly can make it and even make the central continent explore it.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and find an obvious effort to go back to the energy engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
So we tried to figure out the digital digital open and looking at the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 145 percent of that code, you can't obvious it.
I started to research a scientific light about how these crowds are built in Nanoa and found that they are structures in what's called a spread, and each of us contains 160 centralized crowds.
That was sense, there was a convince.
And he got better yet.
These constructions in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the code of attacked?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good thing.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no measured -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been operated after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up on the street and we had to go back to it.
And yet, we discovered that both of the digital oceans were going to have one and same goal -- but from different everyone.
The little simple one is taking a shoe, and making the robots and taking them up, and the big one and the big community in the community with six cards and managing voices.
We are very trust that we have determine what the density is.
It's Nacoan, and it's just Nacoan.
We should not worry that other objects will be released by These.
So here I show you a few very interesting thing that we saw -- I really thought of me.
There is the giant box -- and then you look at the crowds.
So what this thing does is to try and take the value value values for example, from the pressure sense of pressure and produce legal code, which is still during the attack -- with false data.
And I believe it or not, these false data data are recorded by These.
It's like in Hollywood movie where during the robot.
Is it great.
And the idea here is obviously not just to go to the operations in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and agriculture.
The idea is a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operating couldn't act fast.
So for example, on a energy plant -- when the great value of value is going to be able to open up in a signal in a second.
Obviously, this can't make it a human smell,
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're complicated, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explore it.
And not the operating system or the security system.
And so that's what you do.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is really important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with crowds, with the stream of transition.
It could work as well, for example, on a energy plant or in a authority of authority.
It's general.
And you don't have an attack -- that will be able to design this charge with a U.K. card, as we saw in the case of Stephen.
You could also use conventional technology to design it.
The most possible.
And if you do that, with what you would end up is with a mass of massive destruction box.
That's the consequences that we need to deal with.
Unfortunately, the greatest number of objects for such adults is not in the Middle East, right?
It's in the United States.
All of the green areas are space with a huge number of goal.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to predict now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Radelly, it has been public in many sides that people are asking the Mosque to be the main issue behind this.
What's your opinion?
Radica Lander: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My point is that the Muslim is involved -- but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is the current supermarket.
There is one single one, and it's the United States of the United States.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even bigger as well.
CA: Thank you.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can lead to and make a human skills -- or another that makes it use of wheels of governments to get up and walk back to it.
In "Brazilian Bibles: We call these robots.
It's not a different thing about something you put in the morning, gives you a great force -- which is also going to increase his speed -- and he helps him, for example, to handle the balance here.
It's actually the real income of man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can get it into the universe and connect it with the universe and with some of the other ones in the universe.
This is not a right idea.
To show you now what we're working on is what we're working on about talking about the American soldiers that, in average, it has to take it on his back to a 45 pounds -- and it's going to get to get even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important components -- you read in the back.
We decided to cut this challenge and create an exception that could help make the issue of it.
So let me introduce you to the CEO -- or put together the U.S.
Solar," I can be able to put 90 pounds by several pounds for a lot of hours.
His favorite design, it allows you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my force and my resistance.
Ethiopia Berry: We are ready to our industrial society, to produce this approach, this new excuse this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Now let's go back to the uses of the world chairs, about what I feel particularly approached.
There are 80 million people of people now, in wheels around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really short calculation.
We talk about something that happens with often a very young people, very young people in the vertical control that when you start their life -- 30 or 40 years or 40 years -- they're going to be a wall and the government chair turns out to be his only choice.
We also talk about the population of the population that you get very quickly.
His only option -- a lot of times -- by a brain reading or some of the other competition -- is the wheelchair in the wheelchair.
And this has been this over the last 500 years, from his successful success as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start writing a new capture on moving.
Let me introduce you to the ELGOs who are using Alice Bonica who was 99 years ago he had a list in the vertical control, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 10 years, until now.
Arabic Bobble: Thank you.
Bruno is using our ELGOs, which I mentioned out.
It has a few sensors ...
It's completely not involved in the molecules that send signals to the computer computer here in the back.
There are also a few bacteria that give them energy in the gentlemen, and in the robots, and they make it go to this game and very natural people.
AB: I was 24 years in the top of my life when for a strange step in the air in the air.
In a second, I lost all feeling and everything movement from the forest goes down.
A time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital in the hospital and he said, "Ahuem: I will never walk back to walk.
That happened 10 years ago.
This is what I go down to the last piece of hope for my be.
The advance technology since then, he has allowed me to learn how to get down the bottom of it, and she would scale around and even move in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
HG: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers -- not just of soldiers -- but at all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival in the human survival.
It's a place where women have the bank, practice sex to say, and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious thing.
And no, it's not the Serab man or San Francisco or San Francisco
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their principles there.
This is the world of the streams in the Congo Council.
The boats are, along with the chimpanzees -- their light living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestors -- an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we have done too much.
But the ones show us the other side of the mountain.
As the chimpanzees are made by big kinds of treatments, stars, the bone society is in a fear of female female with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very color society where the moral violence is still not looking at it.
But unfortunately, the robots are the least understanding of the big sights.
They live in the results of the sound container, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Content is a paradoxically -- an extraordinary government and beauty -- but also the heart of the silk itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been produced by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the first World War City.
It's not going to go out that this destruction also puts up the survival of the boat.
And the commercial comment and the deforestation makes you cannot fill up or a state with the bones that are in the world -- and today, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and gentlemen, you can hear the light that was hearing the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them like the specialists make love -- not the war -- because they have sex.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because of the life of the boat is more than the National South.
At the boats, like humans, you love to play all their life.
This is not just a kids.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases the creativity and the resolution and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity -- diversity diversity -- diversity of connections of knowledge.
And when you look at the white game you see the evolution of the except of the light, the dance and the human.
And the game is the gift that you do.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken from the middle of the seat.
First of all, it's a blood play play -- and I don't talk about failure.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a experiments.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the photograph of the photo, it has a story of the pills.
Just that I think in this case in this case, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as human play.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of using unusual elements of the game -- like the temperatures -- and also how the game requires trust and it makes the trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game.
The game is popular, it can take a lot of forms -- some of which are more transportation, if you have a little bit more than that, you know, perhaps the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see -- this is Frank, a young female -- which is playing with the water.
I think, as it is, sometimes we play alone. And we explore the limits of our inner and outside world.
And it is that climate cure that makes us explore to explore -- to interact -- and then the inspiring connections that we form are the real sensory of creativity in the way.
These are just small samples of understanding that the ones are given from our past and present it.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to take them to a world more and more difficult with more creativity and more conversation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these skills.
In other words, the game.
In order to be successful to a world that changes we need to play.
But we're going to bring up to the point of the game ability for the game.
The game.
The game is essential game.
And for boats and humans for the same, life is not just cross and disappearing.
When it seems to be the least thing to play -- you can be the moments that the most original thing.
And so you get primes, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we discovered creativity -- the friend and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York I am a development responsible of an organization that is a degree of the book called Robert House.
So when I'm not eating poverty, I change as a car assistance in a body of volunteers in a body of volunteers.
And in our city, where the robots are able to be able to be a highly calculated personal person -- you have to get to the site of the crime very soon to go into action.
I remember my first crime.
I was the second vote on the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still a career against the other vote of the other vote to get into the charge and figure out what our task was about.
And when I found the captain, I was failed in a conversation with the proportion that you could not be able to have one of the worst days of their life.
We were at the whole night, she was standing out in the rain -- under a paradox, in a piece, head, while his house was in calls ...
The other vote that I had just got before I -- -- I -- I -- I -- I -- I -- I have Lego Leonardo --  came first to the capital and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the home.
The dog was so clean."
And there was a handle of money that during the rest of his life, in the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that in a building in a building in call to save a living being living just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me a land.
He said, "People, I need to be between the house.
I need it to go up, and it brings up the fire -- and he brings this woman a couple of shoes.
I trust it.
It wasn't exactly what I would expect but I -- I came up -- I went up at the end, at the end of the passion, I went to the regions that that high or less or less had ended up going on the fire and went into the top of a couple of shoes for a couple of shoes there.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a heroes here.
I took my charge back to the scale where I met my Titans and the dog price in the main door in the main door.
We went out of the house of the house of home where it was to wait up, and his fear got a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, the development got a letter of the house of home on the hot effort to save to save their home.
The traditional thing that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had gone up with a couple of shoes in it.
And so much in my vote in Robert House as in my conversation as a very very very general actor -- I am a kind of activist of generating and static on a motion scale, but also of an act of thank you to the individual level.
And you know what I've learned about.
It all has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have made it -- or they're going to achieve -- they are going to be able to do that, and they are going to be able to remind me this: they don't expect it.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give it right now.
They are going to look at food in a form, clean a park of the neighborhood.
They are mental.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to influence the life.
So you go into the game.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mars Mars come back.
Mark Beeses: Thank you.
This can seem weird -- but I am a great deal of the concept of the concept.
So the first piece of concept was made in 1889 with a very simple idea of a very simple idea of a short measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the world of building more used in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridge -- a table at the time.
And essentially these blocks have become the bits of our time.
It's almost a hundred years later, in 1983, Line came up with this.
And it was called a cartoonist of automobile state.
And in a few years old, the Linger landscapes came to every home.
It is being made over 400 billion or 75 billion dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful, buildings or home.
Ling did that.
And let me just give you the concept of the concern, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination of our imagine.
And as it was exactly that same year, in the Berkeley lab, the next revolution was about to announced -- the new construction of construction was going to be able to be able to be able to announced the new construction of building it.
The journey was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of station of station that would take out of some of them to a world where everything was interactive to us.
At the same thing that the concept of concept is allowed to create a lot more and more complex and more complex -- a table at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the journey was just for experts for us.
I usually do not accept it, that the building blocks of our time are connected to experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of artists and designers and designers and design.
A few years ago, I began to develop limits.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberia are electronic models every single one with a specific work.
They are prepared to be light, sound and sensors.
And the best of all of it is that they are going to be done by images.
So you can't put in a wrong way.
You have a code of color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the corner, the roof is the state and the color color is the flag.
So you just have to take a blue with a green green and very quickly you can start to do a lot of that.
A blue with a green produced light.
We can put a boat in the middle and we have a roll.
So if we change the boat by a public character, which is here, and now we have a strong light.
We took this man to create more impact and we have a running machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program -- connect and soldier, limited us to program by using very simple interview.
In order to make it faster or more slow -- it just was going to take this boat that makes the public be faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it is a growing control.
What we want all the interaction in the world are going to be reduced in the world.
You know, sounds out, solar solutions, motors, everything must be access to.
We have given the kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the email of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how does it work on a night, or why the door of a spread is taken up, or how an iPod respond to the ground.
We have also taken light to design.
So for example, the designers without an electronic experience are starting to play with limits as a materials.
So here you can see, with paper.
(Many metal.
Here's an example of a project that have done a lot of control by movement.
But hope, here comes my favorite project.
This is a lot of planet fact that is afraid of the dark one.
And for these not engineers to become another material, the electronic became another materials.
And we want this material to be at the rate of all.
So limited it has open code.
You can visit the website.
We want to be able to get a world of creative, invented and colleagues because this world in which we live -- this interactive world, is us.
So you go down and to invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about insight discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company looking for the environment for the environment.
distributed it.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mom. wait a moment.
You can leave a little bit in charge of.
We can be able to get better at the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
solar technology.
Oh, is it going to be the time time.
All right. Thank you very much.
And a couple of years ago that you can see the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do -- we asked them to work in the government.
The institution was called "Armstrong American and it would be like a number of peace for pencilities for penis.
We sequence a few members every year and we put them to work with motors.
Instead of getting it to the third World World we send them to the global world.
They made big applications -- they worked with the model jobs -- they worked with the model of the world.
Their task is in showing the possibilities of the current technology.
You know Al Alexander.
And this is a piece of the city of Boston.
So here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what really looking for is that someone read it when I got it down to the snow because it knows that it's not very good at the greenhouse when it is covered by a piece of sea.
How did I get to help us help help help us in this substantial?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Many of America Forest.
They were up there and at that time I had a lot last year.
They realized that the city was never clean to the children.
But one of the members called Einstein Microsoft noticed something else -- that citizens clean them out in front of them.
So he did like any good program -- I developed an application here.
This is an applications that can be able to take a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it when I got it.
When you do that, you put a name in this case in this case I put up there.
If you don't do it, somebody can do it.
And it is, it has a charge company.
It is a powerful application here.
Maybe it is the smallest one in the 21 programmers last year.
But it does something that none of the other technology.
And it goes up in a virtual way.
One responsible of the Holid systems in the Holid city when you see this application realized that I could use it -- not for the sea, but for the citizens to take a little bit of time.
It's very important that they work these kinds of type, but people were running out the batteries.
So he asked the citizens to control them.
And then I decided to use it to use the citizens to make the citizens go out of it.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to get people to clean up when I got it.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been found out of friends, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this is not going to happen.
The software rate of software took a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that takes three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us to have done by the normal cats would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the global power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an applications that you program in a couple of days and it was distinctive in the way that it is a sort of artificial town to the government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like in private companies, as many people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more like the Internet.
That is to say, without restaurants, in open and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of the government that has the new generation that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institutional institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not only "Architecture but there are hundreds of people all over the country that are going to come with girls every day in their own community.
They have not been given for the government.
They feel a great drug in front of that, but they don't run it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on politics -- the end of the politics -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, in essentially the words of Times Richard, what we do together because they are just not able to.
Now, a lot of people have done the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing it.
The politics doesn't change -- the government yes.
And because the government at the last institution of us -- remember that -- the point? The way to think about the way we make the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was going to be able to choose people in order to be able to pick up personality.
Well, after two years I've come to the conference that the government is, it is about all of the shorts.
This is the center of services and information.
This is the place that comes up with the call if you have 13 in the U.S.
And I suggested this called this call there.
It's "Architecture in the base of the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open up the door of the house and put a strong music and see if you're going on?
And it works. So it works.
But that wasn't the end of the shorts.
Boston does not have a call center there.
It has an application and mobile and mobile website, called "The Content Consumption."
We don't program that application anymore.
It was the work of very smart people from the New National National Medical Medicine.
One day, this really came up with this asked, "Bridge on my background -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it to it?
The Digital Content is different.
School was talking about person.
In Cities Congress is all public -- so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors in this.
The next report said, "I got up to the place, I found the cloud behind the house.
(Audience: Yeah.
I went back to the cloud. I went home.
Good night, I slowed up the garden."
fairly simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of the digital and physical thing.
And it is also a great example of the government of the government of the distribution of distribution to us.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform as well.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform here.
I talk about a platform so that people get together and help others.
So, a citizens helped another one, but the government had a key paper.
He connected to two people.
And you might have connected to the government services of being necessary but the night is a better alternative and more boat than the government services of the government of the government of the government of the government than the government services in it.
When a neighbors helps another one, we forced the communities.
If we call control control -- that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as the political thing.
A lot of people understand it, but you think that one is the face of the other.
And that we get to the government system.
How many times have you chosen to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government will get our values and sleeping our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an immune ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
And because of it is what we call bubble.
And we say that word with a lot of death.
But this is the thing that keeps us that we are going to do that that we are going to be able to figure out how something that works in our against -- that other thing, and in consequences are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to do is we have to have to make the business be sensor.
Because that's where the real work is going on.
We have to collaboration with the government.
That makes the Open movement.
Have you seen them?
This is a group of citizens who have written a very detail report of 320 pages in response to the Perus of the Spanish -- about the financial search project.
That is not political acts -- it is a bubble activity.
And for those of us that have done to the government, it's time we ask us how world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to deal with.
Do you really think that we have to go out of where we have to go out of the institution that can act in the name of each other.
We can't stop government, we need it to be more effective it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to replace the government function of government so that it can express the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to be able to be able to be able to add the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 25 years, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for sitting there.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, all of them are going to talk about.
You can express their choices in any car at the same time and they do.
And so when they face the government problem you don't care much like to hear their voices here.
They're using the hands.
You put their hands into the work to program applications that make it better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hotel, taking balls, by taking a short rate that has an inside there.
Of course, we were always able to be clean by the shorter and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are kind of a digital records that we are not only consumers, not only we are not only the government of government that we pay posts and we get services to us.
We are more than that, we're cities.
And we are not going to fix the government until we don't run the city.
So I want to ask all of you, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, are we going to be a military of voices or we are also going to be a military of hands.
Thank you.
This is a real honor for me.
And I've spent most of the time in prison and prisoners and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in the back communities in projects in projects and places where there's a lot of mess.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at and hearing these studies have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has idea.
And the things that say here have impact around the world.
You know, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would have no way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach it with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- I can do good things -- it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of the identity of it.
I didn't really learned this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother from me.
And I grew up in a traditional house of a American family of an American family by a marriage, which was my group.
It was lucky, it was strong -- I had power.
It was the last word in the entire family.
She started a lot of the doctors in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been scaled.
His parents were born in the scale in Virginia about 1880.
She was born about 1889, and his experience with the scale with the way we see the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a small and I looked at it, she was going to me and I was going to give me a good thing.
I was so strong that I could just breathe and then found me out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me and he said, "Bright, you still feel my artificial airplane?
And if I said no, I was going to go back and if I said yes, I would let me in peace.
I had this human quality that makes you always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was at the top of the time.
In oxygen, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to take your time and your attention.
And my first was running all over the place.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I went out of one morning, I went to the room and they were running out all of my first.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she looked at it, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she took up the room, and he took me out of the hand and he said, "You see Britain. The two we're going to be continued.
I remember this as if it was year.
I'll never forget it.
It took me outside and said, "Bright, I'm going to tell you something, but you can't say to anybody you can tell me.
I said, "Well, Mayama.
She said, "I make sure I wouldn't do it." I said, "Oh."
Then I sat there, I looked at me and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you are special you are.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I want you to give me three things, Britain."
I said, "Well, Maya."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want to do your mother.
Audience: "That's my son, and you have to ask you to be carefully carefully.
As I was taking my mom to my mom I said, "Yes, May, I will do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that you will always do the right thing is that the right thing is the hard thing to do.
I thought I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, May.
Then he finally said, "The third I want you to do is that I would never have a total alternative book.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, May, I will do it."
I grew up in the field. I got a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six best, I don't know where the sand, we get to my sister and I went to the forest.
We just come up with the cards of forever.
He took a break of belief, he gave me my sister and she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You know, but I'm not going to take beer."
My brother said, "I do that. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I didn't feel good. You can go on.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What do you happen to you? It takes a beer."
And I kind of key it into the force and continue, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Manhattan."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells us to all the good ones that are special."
I was straightforward.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be absolutely strong.
But I have 12 years old, and I can admit that I have never taken a chemical chart.
I don't say that it is a virtue. I say it for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other things that they really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think that my grandmother was normally believed that all of their girls were special to me.
My grandfather had been pressure during the prototype.
My years died of disease in the adult.
And these were the things that I was going to be able to be able to make it.
Now, I'm going to try to talk about our key justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
So there were 300 pressures.
There are three million.
In the United States, we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive electronic, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities is so much.
One of every three black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the prison or in conventional freedom.
In the urban communities of the entire country, London, Ball, Bank, Bank, Allie, 50 to 60 percent of the color of color are in the prison or in conventional freedom.
Our system is not just designed in front of the race -- it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a white system that is a lot better if you're rich and collective, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not confidence, but it is wealth to change the results.
And it seems that we feel very strong.
The policy of fear and the fluid makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're destination.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work in our work a little bit correction.
In my state -- in Alice, as well as in other states -- you have to get out of rights for always if you have a kind of kind of point on.
So right now in Alpha, 14 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to look at the right.
And if we try it at the next 10 years the level of waste loss is going to be as far as it was before they would take the law of the right to the vote.
We have this kind of kind of thing.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young people.
So the United States is the only country in the world where you care about 13 years to die in prison to die.
We have in this creative country for kids, no possibility to get out of it.
Right now we are in the process of some limits.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, you have been thinking that the final question is, the people have to die for the crimes of crazy?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people want to die for the comment crimes, but if we want to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by mistake.
In every nine people, has been identify one which is income that is excited and limited from the death of death.
It's an amazing rate of mistake.
This is interesting.
It was not going to allow them to be able to be able to be able to be able to pay up if every nine who would go up, and you would have gone out of it.
But in some way we have a problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge there.
It's not our struggle of it.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we want to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students on American history, I'm talking about the school.
I talk to you about terrorism. The time that started at the end of the recognize and I went up to the Second World War City.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terrorism.
In many communities people were afraid of being limited.
I would care about being born.
The threat of the terrorism.
Now there are a lot of people who come up to me and they say to me, "You know, you know, you tell me talk, it makes the people who stop saying that in our story, we took for the first time with terrorism.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with it."
And the age of the terrorist is obviously, obviously, with secret and decades of rational survival and service.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've ever done.
All of the time we have each other with each other.
We are constantly created and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about robots. I think it's because we're not willing to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
In South Africa, people understood that you could not be able to be able to be able to be able to do with the truth with the truth and regulator.
In Rurabi, even before the generation had this experiments.
I was in Germany, and I was going to give you a lot of the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers are going to stop after my pressure and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say, you know.
Adam: We don't have a death of death.
We will never have to have it here.
The room was left and a lady said, "You know, there is no way that our story, we could never get into the synthetic death of human beings.
It would be interact that we are, international and dependent, we were going to be able to be able to empty people.
Remember about this.
How do we feel in a world where one nation like Germany, would take people, especially if they were in its most grandfathers?
We couldn't tell it.
It would be irrelevant.
And yet, there is this depression.
I think that our identity is in dangerous.
If you don't really care about these things so difficult -- the positive and wonderful things they are, yet impossible.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology.
And we love the entrain.
But finally, those reality are made out of the suffering of suffering -- the advance, the disability -- the generalization.
In my view, it is needed to get both things.
We literally talk about the need to have more hope, more experiments.
I think that means to spend more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the ones who never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that is inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen at all.
So we are going to be so radical, so complicated with it.
With creativity.
These things come from food ideas also for the heart.
This connection of mind with the heart is what makes us get to look at not only in the brilliant and delivery, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Valley, the great leader is talking about this.
He said, "When we were in the East Europe, we were going to put all kinds of things, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope for the spirit -- a volunteer for being in places of hope and being teacher."
Well, that organization for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, it has to be able to make them.
There is no depression with technology and design that allows us to be really human if we don't pay it up to poverty to the poverty, to exciting, to engineering, to infection.
Now I want to see you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big privilege to be a very young one, and I know Richard Parkers.
These women are just getting to talk about.
And I was opening out of the card -- to tell me, "Britain, comes the Park partner. We're going to get to talk to you.
Do you want to come and tell them and tell it?
I was like, "I know. I know I."
So she said to me, "Well, what do you do when you come from yourself?
I would say, "I will tell you it."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very visual thing.
And in an oxygen I was there, listening to these ladies -- and after a couple of hours -- I was going to go up to me and he said, "Oh, Britain, I give you that idea of the all.
So tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started to give it my speech.
I said, "Well, we are trying to question the institution.
We try to help those who have been connected to them.
So we try to trust the pressures and discussion in the advance of the key justice itself.
We try to end up with the systems of life, no conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in the creatures.
We try to end up with the massive markets."
I gave it all my best speech and at the end of the end of me and he said, "The Monterey Monterey.
And he said, "You know, "In a very strong store.
At that moment, the Carrol Carrol: I got my fingers in the face and said, "That's why you have to be very busy but very very water."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more carefully.
We have to find the way that we have those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been forced in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is the worst to the worst than we have.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a minister, it's not because it's a mental.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't think about it, it's not going to be a state.
Even if someone killed another one, it is not that it's a speaker.
So I think there's a basic difference in people who must be respect by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and no doubt in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth of the world.
This is what it is.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic, very beautiful, very beautiful, it's not going to give us through our technology, by our design, not by our intellectual ability or radio.
At the end of the end of the end of a society, not the way they treat the rich and powerful and private and by the way they treat the poor, the pressures -- the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
You know, I feel strong. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
And I have a shorter, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been represent these kids who have been killed with a lot of wall.
I go to prison and I look at my 13 and 14 years old, who have been sharing to be asked as adults as well.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge to turn someone on what isn't it?
The judge was doing it as an adult but I see a child.
And one night I was very late -- I was thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something that you are, you must have magic power.
Yeah, Britain, the judge has magic power.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very afternoon, I couldn't think of it right, but I started working on a muscle.
I had a 14 years old, a little blood, black black ...
I began to work on the mouth -- with an effort that I said, "Monster so that my black black climate is treated as a private white white white of a compassion."
In the mountain I put there that there had been it that has been driving in the access, in the behavior.
There was a little line on how in this country in this country there is no tower, but a whole lack of top.
On the next morning, I was thinking about that institution to think of that insult would be a dream.
So for me, I was not just reported it -- I had been sent to the short one.
It spent about two months, I was already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the short for this state case.
I went up to the car and I was really supposed to go up.
I went on the car to the room.
I thought this would be very difficult and smart.
I finally went out of the car. I was walking to the robot.
I was going up the scales when I found me with a big black man -- it was the restaurant of the robot.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a lawyer?
And so I got up to me and I approached.
And I was going to go up in the ears of it.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was visualized.
That was deeply connected with my Internet, with my identity that we all have to control the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When you go in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "You know, Steve, you wrote this market desire?
I said, "You know, Mr. I was me. And we started to do.
People started to go. They were all instantly.
I was the one that I had written those cards.
They came up with the police phones -- the automobiles.
At the point, without knowing what, the room was full of people. All of all, because we talked about reasons, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about incomplacent.
With the eye of the eye of the eye of the eye that I was going to see and come in.
I was looking at the window and I was able to hear all of that cycle.
I was walking out for here and in there.
And finally, this old black -- I went in in the room and he sat behind me, almost at the table of the airplanes.
So about 10 minutes later, the judge is going to say a recent one.
During the destine of the self-sold was showed because the connection had come into the room.
The assistance was addressed about the old black one.
And he said, "You know, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black came out of it, and I looked at the assistant, and he looked at me and he said, "I'm going to this room of audience to tell this young man who keep his view in the goal with shape."
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral rate of the universe is very big, but it takes it into justice.
We can't really be really humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and the digital thing.
That our survival.
And that our technology versions of technology, design and creativity have to get to the fragile and compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with sharp.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an except desire from the audience, in this community, to help in your purpose to do something.
Something is not a child. What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities now.
If you live in the state of California -- for example, there will be an except that I would be going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to spend the background that are spending today in purpose today.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death -- in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 40 percent of drugs are not going to come up in areas at all.
50 percent of violence don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This report is going to be able to be able to be able to make it go out of the law.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge depression in the United States, in the last three decades.
And part of the explanation -- it says that it has to do with the biggest rate of electronic.
What would you say to you what you think is that?
BJ: Actually, the rate of creatures with violence.
The big growth in this country is not for creatures with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the cartooning population.
And we let us convince by the record of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead to people in the performance of performance -- because it will break a biologist, by small creatures against the property instead of making those resources.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of creatures and not less.
It seems to me that our phenomenon on the film doesn't do anything for anybody else.
I think that's the hate that has to change.
CA: Bright, you've been excited today.
You are very inspired you.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locally, they grow the threat at the death of Bill Labbic.
The Laby 2: Head in South.
It looks like.
So I had six social detectors.
It looks like. It's a time of the time.
A number of little little little little little bottles, war the radio.
Recently.
Crisis. Death. Death.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diagon," these are just some of the clip that I got in the last six months. It could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media is going to be able to make a negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing makes us more than to survive -- the first part of all of that data is an ancient picture of the general flow called a phone call.
And the picture is our early detail of the early degrees, the delicious detail.
Order and record all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make it happen.
And so of a tens of stories we will try to look at the negatives.
That old report of the press, "If there are blood, you see, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices will give us a negative news at the age of seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not going to be extracted that we are speech.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress actually done in the last century for a series of forces is to get away from such a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the evolution of species and energy and energy -- without any doubt we have.
As human beings are very good at looking at the problems and the long one, we just had them.
We looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than delivered, the average income per piece of participation has been treated around the world.
The child mortality has been reduce 10 times.
In addition to the cost of the food -- the electricity and the communication and communication -- has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pine showed us that we're living the most effective time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world acceleration went from 25 to more than 80 to 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put them up more and higher expectations there.
In fact, we define the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water.
The back of the middle of the last century, the planet.
And I'm looking at a lot of this is the technology and literally its exponential growth.
My good friend Ran Karabia showed that any tool that comes up with the information of information in this cure -- the law of Monterey, and I doubled the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the mobile cell that they have in the police is a million times a million times faster than a supermarket of the 70 years.
Now look at this curve.
This is the law of monkeys over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this top.
First of all, I know that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in record, in depression and in the way.
It's the result of computer computer computers in order to build faster computers here.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenge.
And even though it's given in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this cure -- in the Mountain Law, there's a series of extremely powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud that my friends of Augusts are called information, sensors and restaurants, the robotic print and their ability to democratic and their ability to democracy on all of the planet, synthetic biology -- the fundamental biology -- the vaccines and food, digital medicine and the Greece.
I mean, how many of you saw the video in Walker in Walls, from Walkers."
It was a piece.
I looked at the newspapers the best phone that I would have.
And I love this this: "Waters is the human opposites?
John is not a easy.
I play with the magnitude of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud -- available for everyone in the mobile thing.
About four years ago, here at TED.
We taught these technologies to our students and in particular, and in particular, how can you use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a service or a service -- that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decades.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
So 30 years ago, that would have been absorbed.
So today we can be a tens of companies that you've already done.
So when I think about creating it, it doesn't mean to create life for each of the planet. It's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that that is scale and go back to it.
You see, you can see it is control and technology is a force that would read resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the 19th one.
He's the guy on the left.
I went to a diagnosis of Shake.
And the days of native made up with the planetary covered and the same National, and the same notion.
But the grade of Shake, I eat up with the clothes of it.
You see, the students was the most valuable metal of the planet -- it was worth more than the gold and the plan.
And so that's why this is the point of the Montana to Washington is all of us.
You see, even though the technical is 98 of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a poor metal there.
It is limited by the oxygen and the silences.
But then he came up with the electronics and made of the station that we use it as if it was destroy.
We think about this piece into the future.
Let's think about energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 to 16 minutes.
This is not about scale, but as an accident.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the declared of the decline by the day, eight running see 17 running.
The cost of solar energy is 50 50 percent last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade of the United States, in the United States of the United States, solar will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents in the national middle of the national media.
And if we have an energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war for water.
Do you remember when Chris San was able to put the Space Spanish towards the Earth, in 2010, after Saturday Sameless."
So I had a famous picture. How was it called called?
"Okay bath point."
Because we live on a water.
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water.
Yes, 98 percent is water water, two percent is ice -- and we fight for a percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up with national nations.
And in a conversation with Dan Kanzania this morning, you would like to share with you, I was allowed to share with you to do -- your technology called Saudi Phone -- maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small result.
It's able to generate a thousand letters of water water in the day -- -- -- any source -- stuff -- a letter -- a letter -- for less than two cents the literature.
The president of Congo has just been able to make a important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a lot of trust that it will be, Congo will bring it together in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile cell in the developing world for the end of 2010.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communication communication in the middle of Kenya.
And to tell with a smart cell with Google -- you have access to more knowledge and information than President Cleveler 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication that nobody might have ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever been able to have ever before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GDP -- Human video -- biologists of books and music.
Maybe the best thing is when they go up in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure of anticipation with the Chile Foreign -- something called the X Chinese Child's Chicago The 10 million dollars.
We're driving to the equipment of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with the ones that talk about, and because it has CA: You can see, you can go out of the table.
To win it has to make better dynamics than a centralized medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors where there are no doctors -- where it's about 25 percent of the health workers in the health.
When this device sequence a Street virus or DNA that doesn't recognize -- I will call the health of health and first of all, avoid it would happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it the one billion in increase it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went out of about seven billion billion of them.
And by the way, the best protection against the democracy is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online.
For 2010, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds have never been before heard of the global conversation.
What are these people want to do with it?
What will you be considered? What do you want to do that?
And instead of a economic collaboration will have the largest economic institution of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy.
And they will be more health because of the Terrain, from a better education with the Japanese King and because of the use of the print in 3D and computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity.
So what about a few voices are you never going to do before.
So what if we give them the operations, wherever you are, a voice to be heard and be able to be able to be able to do for the first time, and then it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do for the first time.
What will these three billion of these 3,000 billion do?
And if you are controlled that we can't predict it?
So something that I learned with the name of the X is that small teams of their passion with a clear goal -- they can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only do the big computers and governments could do it.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you may know about.
It's called Florida.
It comes up at the University of Washington, in September.
This is a game in which people can take a sequence of citizens and figure out the way that it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The plays determine the structure.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far it was a problem of supermarkets.
They've played with this college teachers among each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people went up and began to play it.
And it has shown that today, the human patterns of human patterns is better than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the genome of the genome.
We have the capital of the control.
And we have three billion new minds that will come to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It was the top of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin -- one of my heroes ...
He was here, as you know, in 1837.
You may believe that I would be paintings, but it wasn't like this.
It's actually a fish.
And he described one of them as a very community."
It was the market.
I got a lot to the decade of the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the red list of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Japanese and other places, so that doesn't have any special story.
But the case is that we still come to the Galas.
We still think they are proteins.
The flights still say that they continue to go on.
So what happens here?
The second story, I also read another concept -- the advance of the card.
Because I was there in 1960, studying a sign in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get up.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
And I had a short state of papers, and as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were a from about 20 cents, the block of black barrel.
And the fish of this child was a lot and it was going on for a good moment, so it would make more than the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the
When I went out there 27 years later, the amount of fish had been delivered by half the time.
They were made for five cents old.
They experience a genetic pressure here.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went into the interface of the fishing fish in the Asia.
In the 18th -- well, it started in the top of 10 -- Europe did a lot of developing projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impact the countries that had 100 fish -- to put the industrial fishing up.
And this boat, pretty much, was called the 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the South Middle of China of China, and about all, at the sea of Jamesha.
So what we had here is that we capture it was unique.
We called it now, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we capture were puts, other animals that are in the background here.
And most of the fish are a little bit of a little bit of risks on the rest of them -- you know, they're a little bit of the coral coral reefs.
And they were on the sea, the bottom of the sea came to the covered and then it was arrest.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then it starts the commercial fish up.
The bottom goes out of being a hot side down in this case, in this case, to be a paradigm.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them. They were dead because they were dead.
One time we capture a lived alive.
I was still not all hell.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This is what the rest of the rest is what the fish, every time you go to a area where they have never fish.
But it doesn't have a document.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the part of it, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we make this happen.
In the axis and we have good things and we have good things, biological things, the summer of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with natural things.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extraction it down.
The difference.
But they don't lose the loss that happened before.
You can take the way out of change.
And in the end of the end of the end of the rest of the way.
And that, in a big measure is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem affect people when the people who are decorated with animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal that is very advertising, before you extract, it's little free.
You don't lose an amazing animals.
You lose a little bit of animal animals.
Even if this doesn't feel like a big loss of it.
With time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sense of big fish.
They become a little bit free because we fish them.
With the time there are a few fish -- but we think that is the point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence in a way before it is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence of it.
So for example, the ancestor that some of them are like, as you can see a lot of fish in this area can't be used or because of the general thing you don't use in the fish of the fish because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we lived in state societies because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to have a problem that can be able to do a protected area.
Because with the marine areas -- we really remember the past.
We would get the past of the past that people can't afford because the part of the part has been running and it's very low down.
That is for the people who can see a marine area and you can benefit from the vision that it allows them, which allows them to bring her back down.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access because they don't have access -- as people in the Middle East -- for example.
I think that the arts and the movie may be able to fill on the empty -- the simulation of it.
This is a simulation of the Christmas Bang.
A long time ago, there were a great whales on the Chinese bank battle.
And you will have noticed that the males and the tables are like "amount of "applied."
And if you think about "Alley? If you think about what people are moving with the film -- I will talk about the history of Pole -- why will you be going to be able to be controlled with the images.
Because it goes to something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
So my reconstruction, the only one I'm going to give you, is to Camero, making "A "Communist" under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hollywood -- I am Kenya Allengathe, the gene of YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are made and how important it is.
We all want to be stars -- consciousness, the statements, when I was more young -- that seemed like something very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions of our actions of our global culture.
And anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sand.
You get over 40 hours of video for YouTube per minute.
And from that, only a little percentage is visualized, it gets information of vision and making culture.
How does that happen?
Three things -- creative communities of participate -- and the surprise community communities and surprise future.
Well, let's start with.
Bruno Virgin, Oh, my God, my God.
My God.
Google."
Oh, work.
KA: The last year, Bruno Second published this phone video out of his house in the National Part of States.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductions in the population of the last summer of the last summer, in the last summer,
Benjamin didn't make a virtual video.
I just wanted to share a piece of a pain or she just wanted to share it.
That's what you do if it's called Montana Mountain Berkel.
I had already published many videos of nature.
So this video had been published in money.
So what happened here?
It was Jim King.
Jim King published this tribe that would take the video to the police.
You know, the problems of trends like Jim King are present with new and interesting things and they give them to a larger audience.
Robert Ballah,  And it's visual Valley,     -- you have to begin to start the end of the week, the end of week.           Vangerons, stands.
Restance Research is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use.
At the same thing you have had donated, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what did this happen do?
Well, it was version, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other penguins, they're also viruses.
But what happened this day, this particular views?
Well, I took the TED and many blocks started writing about it.
Michael J. New, Michael School School was one of the first people to make a bird about the video on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter on Twitter at
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends are going to take a point of view and share it with a larger public audience by taking the process.
So, this community of people who shared this big interest and then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 tons of "Monthologist in YouTube in YouTube now.
Just in the first seven days, there was a paradigm for each of the other days.
So in the difference of the U.S. college training of the 20th century, this community is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"Three Caribbean Canada, is an animation with a music massive.
So that's what it is.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that that is true, you know that there's a number of three hours that have been four million times.
Until the cat saw this video.
And there are cases that saw other cat to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that shows between the Internet.
There was repeating it.
Somebody made a version of the ancient version of the ancient version of it.
And then it became international up.
All of a sudden, he came up with a whole community of repeating that he made this would happen to be a car to something that we can all form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it.
Who could have predict something like that?
Who could have predict "Architecture "really or Rose Bank or "Hey Carolina."
What did you have to have written that you would have written this situation.
In a world where you go up two days of video for a minute, just that really only one and self-confident can be rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this big video of a guy who tried to be against the molecules in New York.
Case Hawking: I would get it out of not close by the birthday, but often there are objects that are going to tell you about the birthday.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and his HG: Case Hans I made that five million saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth the whole thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Virgin, what does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
You know, the creative creative communities of participate -- the totally unexpected communities -- are a characteristic of a new type of media -- from a new culture, which we all have access and it's the audience that defined the police.
And as I said before, one of the current issues in the world, June Book, started in YouTube began in YouTube ...
They weren't allowed to express their ideas.
Now all of us are a little bit.
These are not the features of the old media. It's just the mountain of the current media -- but they will define the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a short station that is still stricking.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces of it.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of a whole life.
It's a police, a man, a man whose entire life had been used in the unique hope of unit and freedom from his country.
Imagine it as the communities come in in Santa, looking at the fact that his life had been totally at all.
The words -- for so long friends, now they carrying it.
And it was related to it.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather here.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been at the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to make it, but we have it.
And the next part of the pieces is about a boat to the short static to the sea.
My mother, Man, I was just 18 years when his father died and a controlled marriage and two little girls and two small girls in it.
So for it, life had been delivered to a task used to a task in his family.
It was income for her that I couldn't do that.
And then after a four years that came up with the fiction -- a boat was made up to the sea of the fish of fish.
All of the adults knew the risks knew about.
The biggest fear was the pieces, the violence and death.
As most of the adults -- my mother would take a family with a vehicle.
And if you would get them up, first of us would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother
My first memories are from that boat -- the construction rate of the engine -- it gives us in every wave in every wave -- and the vast very vaccine and vaccine.
I don't remember the pieces that came up several times, but they were done with the worth of men in our boat -- or the engine dying and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the Malaid Coast, and the young man who colleagues and he died -- to end the journey was too much for him, and the first shoe I tried -- given by the men in the platform of it.
None of them had the same stage.
After three months in a field of refugees, we're going to put in Melindor.
And the next piece of the piece is about four women over three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Philips, a kind of kind of class would work whose population is made of immigrants.
In the difference of the middle of the middle class -- whose existence I know in Philips, there was no sense of the right.
The colors that come from the temperatures were the rest of the world.
And the frames of English finding the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers -- then on a car line of cars -- working six days, he took a tunnel.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title in the interface of the information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were an extra thing, and I set up a strange subject in English and mathematics -- it would not matter what you should take on, that it was usually new -- it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to get the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the teams, because I had to stop six years.
And there were so much.
At home.
Something in me.
I was running down and a voice that said, "I'm going to be supposed.
My mother and my sister and I give me in the same bed bed.
My mother was excelled every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suggested speeches, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until their speech would start to be able to be able to get it.
She opened a computer tender, then I studied to be stranger and open another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and analysis and infections, and kids are transformed between two world.
They look for substances and paralysis.
And they created center.
I lived in the paralyzed world.
In one -- it was the classic student in the classic student of what I would stop myself.
In the other other, I was wrong in precision lives -- traditional lives by violence -- the drug of drugs and the island.
But many of them had been help through the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of antibiotic, I picked me the woman in the year.
And I was coming out of a piece of one piece of the piece to the other, but their edge didn't fit up.
And I read so far from Philippines, it was now so Lego, it was now so Lego, it was now so Lego, it was not so single to speak in places that had never heard of note, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagine.
I didn't know the proteins of them.
I didn't know how to use them.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the robots and the trust of life in an image -- a grandmother -- a grandmother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about the day of every one and standing off, the three is still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she was when we go up to the barrel.
He had never been a choice.
"Don't do it, and he said, "You know, you don't be what you're not going to.
So I talked about the young data and education and depression to the states and demonstrated.
And the more frankly, the more I was talking about to talk about.
I met people from all the way of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my civilization -- I realized I couldn't stay on an anti-sense career.
There had to be another piece of the pieces.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a desire, a new thing in the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that is going to be thank you maybe a blog of the boat -- maybe a ball of the boat.
Because you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the pressures of your profession.
I gave enough steps out of my control to know that, yes, that the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear it.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to have been to be tougher.
There was an energy there, an optimistic optimism, a market rate of humanity and robot.
So I kept on my institutions.
Just to a small group of people who the read can't do it was a submarine challenge.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I was making a giant wave of sound that we all share with.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some bright -- and we open it out.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My content again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure was going on.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandmother here.
She grew up in a time in which Congress was the social normal and the local Mandela was the person who would matter.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died little after she was born.
And the mother created it alone.
At the age of 17 it became a shark of a Manner whose mother would go out of it.
No support of his husband -- he caused a revenue to take it up and take the cause of it and take the cause of the cause and a lot more reduce when they won it.
You can't do it just to be wrong.
I was in it in the room in the room of a hotel in once.
And I looked through it in the dance of it and I saw it from the other side.
I knew that he had come to stay.
My mother called a minutes later.
days later, we went to a biological temperature in Philips and we sat around his hot.
We tell him stories and make sure we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us that I had to close the story.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why your hand is hot and the rest of the body so cold."
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"There have been no soldier."
If there's a nervous in our family, that run through women.
Because of what we were and how life is, now we can see that the men who would have come to our lives would have come to us.
And it would have done it easily easily with.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask you about the boat of it.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
I can give you a program in their lives, which is subsidize in every wave -- the printing rate of the engine -- the vast ratio that does not make it?
I don't know.
But if I could give them and look at it, I would do it.
And I am also New Netra and also the mother of so much here today -- in the fourth or the floor of it.
My story starts in Robert about two years ago.
I was in the desert.
We were coming out of how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian Indian Indian "Independent."
In those days when the industry we wanted to travel out to a heart and we used the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At the time when Australia, the big Indian war was -- I was able to get a book and with a garden to the ground.
Now we do the same with the warms and machine.
The conclusion that we went out was that the machine had done the magic to magic it.
And that's a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more than a little bit more time.
And I was going to get this idea to lose the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and take a step to spend if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't put it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to kill it.
And I was a girl of my grandfather to give me his role out of the plant.
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It turned into a door to a world full of images and pictures and balloons in my imagine.
I had the feeling that the mobile levels and the cameras and the cameras are supporting that we know.
And then you find our inspiration out.
And so I read to me, I took this technology world to see how to use it to create magic instead of kill it.
You see books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the ice, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the lessons of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will put the text with the image with the image -- the sound and the stage.
The narrative becomes more and more multiple.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch King, an interactive apply for iPhone.
He says, "You know, your fingers on each light.
And so  --  says, "This box is going to look at my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In several times I get a card -- the girl knows where I live in the GPS -- that comes down to me.
My inner girl was excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean manifest and drugs.
So for some reason, the lungs in a failure always was a lot of me.
So over here, we have to look at the girl to release the liberations.
And actually, you light your way into what the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy was going on in a ball.
And so here, every book and every world is transformed in a Gulf that I would run into this magic device inside the approach.
And this opens a map.
And in all of the fiction there has always been maps -- but have been an archive map.
This is a map that grows up, forest and put you during the rest of the book.
In certain points in the book is also going to get it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create an Indian content and then continuously.
These are the applications here.
We have all heard of each other and the times, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the adventure?
These poor people have been taken into the cameras of I Index for military -- in an old and a book.
That's why we are going back in a child story.
In a story that is about current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been coming in, picks up to their PC: haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interest in the book is this adventure in which you have to go out to the outside -- take the camera or the iPod, and I will collect images of different natural objects.
As a girl I had a lot of collections, you know, stores, shorter, books and corners.
For some reason the children don't do it.
So in order to go back to this rate of childhood you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flow and then take it away.
On the other hand, you have to take a picture of a piece of corner and then take it.
In this way you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A child of London put a picture of a room and says, "Oh, today I saw a river."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network on a collection of digital pictures that have been going on.
And within the variation of the connection between magic -- Earth and technology there are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book in the next book we were able to have an interaction where you come out with the iPhone and the video and the video and the video actually looks at a group of analogy that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves ...
And you have to do the sound of the wind and get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
Let's go into a world where the forces of nature are trained with technology and magic and technology is about one to another.
Let's take the energy from the sun.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and the logic and love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of light projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University was to get to a director of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she has a small piece of coffee or you asked patients, family and known and known -- what happened?
How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of all, or maybe not all, but most of the stranger projects -- because we stop listening to me.
This is my Western Palestinian. It's a very simple thing.
It has a character of the container and appropriate.
All the morning I came up with.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
And I got the challenge to get to 95 Khano.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Heneran.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need a heart assistance or some of that station, but to look at it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four of you on Twitter on Twitter as well.
So every morning I connected to my Wikipedia and before I went up to my car, people start to talk to me, Lester, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it is pressure of the parts used to help patients -- because it could be used for the objective, and also so that patients stop form.
On the other hand, you can start to move to the people from their chair and together will develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
The next week will be available.
This little blood connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to be able to be able to take their heart pressure -- send it to your doctor and share it with each other, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients put up a position -- they go back to the control and to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back and be able to be able to help the health care because of the challenges that we face -- as the challenges of the cost of medical attention.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invest patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crossing crossing.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where the public bloods are in Matalist.
It's also where all of the gas are.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the DNA more close to help this patient.
We asked it, but no one did.
No one was supposed to get the DNA on this moment.
So what we did was to make creative in the Bone countries.
We created a website -- and we asked the audience to go to the audience -- please see it -- please send it up, and when it's open -- because sometimes you open up in the homes of office and other people are closed to it.
And over 10,000 percent of them were already present in the Bone countries.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPod.
We created an app for Law, actually, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Mathematicians and somebody else can use their iPhone and the next few weeks to use their cell cell to find the U.K. to find the more close -- what can save lives.
And to stop today, I would like to introduce this one, not just as a DNA -- which is the name of the product but also like AIDS.
And we want to start to start the global level.
We are telling all of the colleagues in the world, in other college, so that they help us to find and work and act like a center for the DNA creatives around the world.
Every time you are from vaccines and somebody else, it can be a paradigm or someone in front of you, you can find it out.
I also wanted to invite companies all over the world that they could help us look at all of these now.
It could be a message or people of phone, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please take up in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph here.
Or is it photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that you can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was wake up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And it looks like my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was on the planning of the plan.
And when you take a photograph with a camera with a camera the process it ended up when the public looks like.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the moment when I was in the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to introduce the public.
Photos like this -- a building in a very transformative career.
But it has a set of seriously.
And even though it keeps a little bit of records.
Or pictures like this -- dark and color at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of record.
And when I say reported I say process.
Because of course, it's not something that can be able to capture but I always want it to have been connected in some way as a picture.
Photos in which you will have to think about a moment to find out a moment.
It has more to look at an idea that will have a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them feel right?
Is it the details or the colors of the colors or colors?
Is it interview?
What do you create the climate?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But in the end, it is about our way of interesting the world and how you can lose on a graphic surface.
It's not actually about if it's a reaction, but what we think is a reaction.
And so I think the fundamental is very simple.
I see it as a reality of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly important objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But you can see a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process when you combine the photographs of it.
It is really going to really combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look like -- I think they are those in which we don't even think about it, the things that are around us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures is very important to consider it, because in another way it will look wrong.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will be able to get a little bit of realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very simple.
But they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the photographs have the same kind of light.
And these two images get out of these reputations, they were taken to the same high and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to figure out the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manufactured.
But this image is totally made by pictures of different places.
In the personal thing I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas out in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning there.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to protect it, to find the different spaces for the pieces of the pieces.
For example, the fish was capture in a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different.
The curious part was made up in a piece of perspective.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island for it to look like that.
So in order to get a responsibility -- I think that it makes a platform that makes plastic out.
It always starts with a mouth, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures of the result it can be very beautiful and at the very way that you have to be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only light is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start by showing you a slide about technology.
Please do it.
It's a difference that I took from a seat standing.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the rich microscope to see the power.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, as many other people we tend to see, it's kind of a straight line in scale scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of magnetic on the scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with self-domaining curves is a new thing.
This is a strange thing.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
please.
I would need to need to be a more interest because writing about paper.
Why are we going to give technology up in scale scales?
The answer is that if I would draw them in a normal cure in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to thank you, the diagram would look at something else.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you know, for example, some other technology, like the transformation -- in a sequence of security would be very strange, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, you give it a curious change.
If technology is going to go as fast as the microscope of microscope, we could take a station and be in Tony in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go to that back.
There is no price in the history of the technological development of the technological development that every few years ago in a few years.
The question I want to ask you is -- look at these exponential chimpanzees -- we see that they don't go on.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as you go.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a curve typical -- I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition now.
At this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask me is, what is that new way that the world?
What new state is going on the world?
The transition seems very, very trust if we are in it.
I remember the future that the future is going on in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000, and I was going to talk about what would happen in the year 2000,
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year.
That's what we see.
In other words, the future has been founded, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going on a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition we experience it.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things at the long time.
The scale of time I would like to do this is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about two billion years when the Earth was a great strategic rock with many chemicals who were floating around them.
If you look at the way that we were organized by those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory to begin to start to understand the original with the DNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, there had been a little bit of access with all kinds of chemicals in their inside there.
So some of those acceleration couples have a particular combination of chemicals that made them provide materials in the outside and so forth.
And they started to get away.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms that are the most primarily computer.
But those drawings were not living -- in the current sense, because each one of them would have a chemical record of chemicals there.
And every time you were going to be divided out of the chemical distribution of the chemicals that they have.
This is why every lot was a little different.
In fact, the drawings that in some way they were getting better at the time to bring the chemical chemical chemical chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they get more.
They usually lived more time -- they were more represented.
It was a form of life, very simple, very simple, but the things got interesting when these drawings were learned by the trick of an amazing thing.
In some way that we don't understand very well all these things learned to deal with information.
They learned to bring information, which was the record of the cells, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were used in this evolution with no sense -- a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And the amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been standing since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe -- our genes.
In fact, each being living to exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust that I try to hide to the security people of the airplane.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA picture and I addressed it 10 to 25 times.
So if someone wants 100 million hours of my personal card I have a lot of for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a heat that would have put it in a virus and it would have taken it through the room.
What was the next happened?
I will write DNA was an interesting step here.
This made these cells have a billion years old.
But then another big interesting step in which things were made very different and it was that these cells started to figure out and communicate information for the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can increase DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the resistance to the antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penission and they used them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of residents to the penish because bacteria are able to communicate them.
So this communication gave that they would form communities that are in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a substance.
In that way they survive or failed together, or it is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were made more and they were familiar by evolution.
And the point of influence happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came up and decided to write the entire community of the community together in a DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years old.
And in that stage we have multi-time communities of many different kinds of cells working together as just a single organism on it.
In fact, we are a multi-computer community.
We have a lot of cells that don't take alone.
The skin cell doesn't sound without the heart of the heart.
So these communities evolved and make the most interesting levels of the cell -- something that we call an organism here.
The next level happened inside these communities.
And these started to open information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
They are the neural structures are.
The neurons are the approaches that make the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they began to sort of sort of similar inside of the community by being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transform the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage of it.
Because at that time as an individuals -- learning was connected to an organism of an organism and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organic organisms -- for example, learn how not to eat a certain French because I knew the last time you eat it.
That could happen during the life of an organisms because they had built these process of information process that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who were made that enjoy it.
And so the fact that the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures to get into the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most remarkable version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea a very complicated idea in your head.
And I'm here sitting here by having a lot of thank you and so on, by building a similar idea and spread and trust -- in their head that I used to be a little bit of analogy with it.
But we take a very complicated thing to take it into sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now allows us to start to work as an organism here.
In fact, as a humanity -- we have started to do an amazing thing.
We now go through similar period to the multi-training organisms -- we open our record method -- present and process of information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the information, the control -- the CRISPR, the CRISPR, and so -- are the specific mechanism that we now built to make that information.
And that's a much bigger thing, faster and able to evolution more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which some evolution with the Congress program with our eyes.
And now we've got the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that told them took a billion years every single one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years old.
The next one, the language.
And the next one, as the electronic -- seems to take just a few decades.
The process is from the process -- I guess anti-dollars is the right word to name something that would take their own change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this experiment of the top.
We see that the process is going on.
But I would give you the life by designing computers and I know that the mechanism that I start to design them would not be possible without the recent computer ones.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every story in that connection machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead of that, with the Designer Mandelas, we think about the King Mandela, we think about the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to be a lot more far and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand the way we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using literally is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operating on the scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases -- we can evolved a program from an advance of institutions.
We say, please.
Could you be able to be able to run up in the statements of it, to take all those programs and take those who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to order numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to make numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely to be a little bit likely to be able to be able to give up numbers, so none of them did it.
But one of them could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Compassion, you could take 10 percent of those random sequence that they did the best thing do the task?
We show those and we choose to the rest of them.
And now we replace the ones that are going to do the numbers.
And let's go back to them following a picture of analogy to sex."
Let's take two programs that are going to make children, who would change curiosity, and the children are going to have the properties of both programs of program.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, please.
Calling it again.
It makes some mutations.
And you try and try it back with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few seconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that hate numbers in a very perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to look at them to see how they work.
These are dark progress.
But they go out of the comment.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives will have to do that.
One time I was going on a 380 with Maria Michael and a card and he says, look like this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles who work together to offer a safe flight -- you don't make you feel like?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated together.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces it.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computer computers much faster and so that we can take these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it is free.
The thing is getting faster and faster and so I think it seems to be so conflict.
Because all of these technologies are freeze.
We are going on.
And we are at a moment I'm going to go into the early organisms when they became multiplayed.
We are the numbers and we can't understand what the ones we are.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very excited about our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what you come from.
But now it comes out and I think that to stop here before you get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've got enough time to allow you to get a part of my favorite pressure on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, let's talk a little bit of a bit of mission.
Why isn't it?
We are near the end of the end of the world -- it looks at the world.
We love the birth, right?
The biomass is full of amazing statistics here.
There are hundreds of statistics there.
It's going to come up with the rules -- I talk about the statistics and to use them to form a great team of biomara.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called an average battle.
And we talk about 300 of a battery that based on.
That means that the ball based on, three of 10 times.
That means launched the ball to the game field of the game in the field of the game and that anyone who's trying to read it to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second basis will be saved up.
There are three attempt on 10 dollars.
You know how you call a 300 percent in the Great Liberts?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a bit of 400 dominant background.
By the way, that is someone that 10 colonies, I was going to make four of them.
Legical -- like the Legon Williams, the last player of the Millennium Life in the way that I was going to be able to run over 400 feet in a regular sense.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less income -- after what I'm going to tell you today.
I guess they have access and they are determined to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in access.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now I guess you live in a place and one of it is going to be in a place that has two things and his family doctor, and his family doctor would take it to a heart whose record in literature.
But you know something.
She's going on this year.
And their act have been 250.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon of a heart surgeon or a development or a green operator?
Very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of the medicine knows the top of a good surgeon of a good surgeon of a drug or a paper.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include with the weapon of being perfect.
And I never have a mistake.
That was the message that I went up when I was in the medical lack of medicine.
I was a stronger student student.
Once a time in high school said that President Google was studied to a blood extent.
So which is what such as which, which is what such as well.
I studied in my little destiny, in the research of the general hospital of the general hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory of me.
From my advance, I memory the origin and the muscle work, the radio of every article that comes out of the air -- the different difference of free and the non-confidence.
And I even met the difference about how to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And as I get more and more knowledge.
And I was very good at me.
And you get out of the medical school with the pressure that if I would die everything, then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing to all of all, because this is how I would give me the mistake.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Darwin dog.
I was a residential hospital in a college hospital here, in Rome when they brought to the lady to the emergency service where I was working on.
At the time I was given to the heart service at the time.
And when you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make that patient.
And it will get into the head of the resistance of the resistance.
When I saw the Darwin lady -- I was going on.
I heard a solve sound.
And when the flow, I heard a horrible sound in both sides of both sides -- what I was involved to be a controlled heart stranger.
And in these conditions the heart stop working and instead of putting the blood into the blood -- the blood goes to the lines, these are full of blood -- and that's why there is hard to breathe up.
And it wasn't hard to do.
I did it and I got to work in the treatment that I would give him.
And I gave him a little bit of a medical and medicine to raise the pressure in his heart.
I gave him a little bit of water.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And it was when I was the first mistake. I sent her home.
It actually made two more.
I sent it to her house without talking to the restauration of responsibility.
It didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my head and take it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it -- I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to make computer information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a waste that would take a little bit of consumer.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility -- that I could take care of my patients without even telling my body.
The second mistake that I had was worse.
When you send it to your house, I don't pay attention to a voice in my inside that I said, "Well, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so inspired that I asked the nurses that I was running to the deliver Drone: "Do you think it's good if you go to your house?
And the nurses I thought, and then he said to totally naturally, "Yes, I think I'm going to be good.
I remember that as if it was year.
And so I went out of the high, and the audience together with the patients took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad pressure in the state.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I pick up to leave the hospital and walk towards the station where my car was to go home. At that time I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service service to home.
And there it is on the other, not the one that was going on from the Darwin dog before, but it told me about three words, those three words that most of the most energy doctors do.
Other species are also afraid of it, but there is a particles in emerging and that is that we see the patients.
The three words are -- you remember you?
Does it remember from the patient that sent your house?
I asked the other number of nature.
"Well, she comes back to the same act of voice.
She was good.
But I came back and the edge of death.
In a time of an hour of a time to have come home -- after I gave her his home, they had a colony and his family called the 1960s, the paralysis brought it into the emergency of a 50 feet of 10, which means a serious shoes.
And I was just breathing and I was blue up.
The person in the emergency is all their resources.
They gave him a drug to go up the artificial pressure to go up to the artificial pressure of it.
And they put a artificial responsibility.
And I was connected to it and chosen to the mountain.
I had a minister of feelings because then they were going to be able to get it in the interview and I would expect the whole hope that it would come back.
And in the two or three days following it it was going to never wake up.
He had a record brain.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was happening.
And at the next day, they let it go.
They say they never forget the names of the ones that die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks ago, I was looking for it and I experienced it for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I sat alone -- I felt like that healthy source because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You make the patients and never made that mistake.
It's that source that leaves a teaching teaching you.
And the marine source that makes us feel very bad for it.
This is the one that tells us not that that we were doing wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my book, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I am sure that it would make the things and make sure that I didn't give me up.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my heroes? Why did I send it to your house.
And in my worst moments -- why did I make a strong mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
It's a little bit of that feeling that was discussing.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, it was opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I was asked if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself that if you were reducing the effort to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- would make those voices in the time.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the employee development in a computer hospital in the North South, and I got a piece of 25 years with a pain.
I was very closed and stream.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his garage, I was a little culture.
And he had a perfect pressure and sent it to his home.
But as he was going to the door was still sitting down to the garden.
Two days later, when I came to make my short change -- my head asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I tried the three words, right?
Do you remember the patient that saw for a pain in the garden?
Well, he came back and I didn't have a professional philosopher.
And he had a potentially global affect called the policy.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection -- not the garage, but in the top of the ground -- and it can cause the close of those go.
He said, unfortunately, didn't happen.
You have an integrated anti-season and you go back to the few days.
And you put the same period of submersible and reporters, then I came back and went back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same tube of architecture, you don't have an accurate dramatic.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it was about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a state.
One of them I thought I had a kind of kind of kind of kind of regulatory.
And you hear a radio radio radio, but it turned out to be normal -- a colleagues that was coming to the patient a certain sense in the bottom right and called the surgery.
The other patient was with a lot of day.
And I give him a little bit of relieved and I asked my colleagues to do it.
And I sent it up and to notice a certain sense on the bottom right -- I called the surgery.
They were both operating and they were going to come out well.
But every case I was attacked, I was straightforward.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and like many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant people have been for the last five years.
I just found out and not support it.
And here's the problem here -- if I can't read and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the voices that tell me what really happens to me, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to do this so that they don't make the same mistakes of it?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone to talk to some of you will talk to you about failure after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors -- but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistake.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transportation in my hospital an wrong legs the wrong leg -- I believe it would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total technology of mistake.
It's the system where there are two positions, the ones that make mistakes and the ones that are not going to sleep and the ones that do have the ones that have a lot of results and the ones that have a lot of results.
And it's almost like an identical reaction -- as an answer that starts to take that person.
We have the idea that if we take out of medicine to people who make mistakes -- will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years ago, I was about 20 years ago and a medical study -- I've done a very bad medical study to learn how possible possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program.
And what I learned is that mistakes are also income.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong.
In this country, it die 24 sounds for exponential medical mistakes in this country.
The United States of the United States.
In both cases, it comes out of brand constructions, because we're not learning the problem as we should be.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where the knowledge is malarial every two or three years, and we don't take us up.
And the privilege of dream has been involved all of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive games that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pain in the fight.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the fight -- it comes up with a corner with children -- and with a subject and all of a sudden, my story is going to be a designer.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't get their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we pick up all the professional people to mistake.
And with what people don't want to talk about their most grandfather?
In my program -- "I want to say, "The black art -- it's a shark to say, "This is my worst error?
And their students were going to stop -- they would go back to the head and they would go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share it.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same error."
They need a context where to do that.
They need a distant medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The definite doctor is human -- you know it, and it does not be proud of their mistakes -- but it will be able to learn from how happened to teach others.
I shared their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their mistake.
And the mistakes of other people are not going to be able to take them up, but in a kind of love and support and support for all of them to benefit it.
And it works in a medical culture that I recognize that human beings will take the system, and when this happens.
My name is President Google.
I am a redesigning doctor here.
I'm a human -- I make mistakes of mistakes I do.
And I feel a lot about it, but I'm effort to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me close with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day any day.
Do you know how much we pick up in a week.
I did a little bit about 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick up a average American -- it's about 70 per day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of business.
The researchers came up with the different things that are going on in the distances and the time that they started to make decisions related to those task things.
They found that, in average, they have 133 jobs a week.
And basically, every job is a lot of minimums.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only about 12 percent had an hour or more than your time.
Now think of their choice.
You know how many of you think about nine minutes, and how many of the one in a now?
How do you change the way that you make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the action, to choose to the concept of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I do a question, as I am blind -- you raise your hand only if you want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take heat down.
On the other way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive for you to give a pale.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the chance of the choice of the choice?
Thank you.
And as a graduate student of the University of Stanford, I would run this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated at the time.
It's called Death.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There were about 250 different kinds of show and viruses, more than 500 different kinds of fruits and green water and about 25 of them born -- and this was when we were taking water water.
I loved to go to that tenth, but in one point I asked me, why never ever bought anything.
So this is the station of the sociology oil.
They had more than 75 different class, including the ones that were in the box that they came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the generator and I asked him, "Do this strategy of offer all these choices?
And he would put me out of the museum full of tubes that come up with every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with memories.
I get it.
They had 34 different class.
We're going to be able to be able to go on, just to the state of the teacher.
We put up out there of six states, or from 24 different stages and we look at two things -- first of what people were willing to be willing to test the memory?
More people came up when there were 24 percent, that when there were only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a method of member.
So here we found the opposite effect here.
And what they went back when there were 24 -- only three percent came to buy memory.
When there were six when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
So if we do the calculations, the people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six -- that if they found 24 that if they would find 24 times if they found 24 of them that if they found 24 times as if they would find 24 times if they found 24 of them that if they were going to come in.
Well, to decide that we don't buy me -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- it's good to look at the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the concept of choices affect us in a very undergraduated decisions.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't tell us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings now.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Al Hubble Humble, and I looked at Kanzanian Kanza, in which we look at the decisions on savings for about a million Americans -- from about 150 plants from this country.
And we would be interested in looking at if the number of soldiers available in savings for reduction for regimes, the 400 percent of us discussed for people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correction.
We had 650 plants that were going from two, to 50 different choices.
And we found that the bigger was the number of fundamental funds there were less participate there.
So if you look at the extreme thing, we see that in the plants that offer two parts, the participate rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted to.
And in the plants that they offered about 60 phones, the participate rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences there.
So for the people who decided to participate -- the more people were the number of choices.
In the way there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in a market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are going to be able to figure out the very financial financial financial.
In the early decade we have seen three main consequences to offer more and more possibilities as well.
The most likely thing is that you put the decision -- you can do it even when this goes against the interest in the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the funding and in health.
They're more likely to pick up less scientists, even though it's going to be a better time.
The main reason is that we have to look at that very giant variety of male, shows, visiting and metabolic, but we are not able to do the schools to compare to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Today I want to protect you for four simple techniques that we have shown in a way or another, in different research, so you can think of their business.
The first is, Contrast.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always moving when I say, "Come on.
They care about losing space in the advance.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly and more is that if you decide to cut up, it will get out of some strange choices -- there will be an increase in the window.
When Project went from 24 different kinds of Harriet Harry and Shares at 15 -- they saw a 10 percent of a 10 percent of them.
And when the government Google Caltra is going to get the products for data that less they were going to sell -- they were invented by 75 percent of them -- for two causes and the more strangers and less consumers.
You know that the substrates of today, in average will give 45 products in the United States.
In a take of California you offer about 100,000 product.
But the world's largest students in the current world is Air and offered only 14 products -- a kind of kind of station of the top storyteller.
In the world of the financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come on about how to make a better choice is the path of David Lamaker: The Harvard program.
All of the jobs of Harvard are built automatically to a service of life.
What they really want to do is they want to choose -- you give them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, let me tell you the differences that there are between those options.
And if your jobs can't do, you can't be able to do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this sequence, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people in this audience a few times with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here is a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it and then I want you to give up an app if you're ready to take the name of Garden.
(Audience: Okay. Any one who is ready to accept it.
Are they not that?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick there.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first robot, which in the second -- but I can get to say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images would make it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to make the problem of the choice of the options of choices that is continue.
So that people understand the differences between choices -- you have to understand the consequences of every option -- and the consequences have to feel a very short way, very conventional way.
Why people are people spending 15 to 30 percent more in average, when you use a drawing card or crime, that when it uses effect?
Because it doesn't seem money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Shanghai Benney and Arabic President, on New National New -- who worked in NGO. These people were in a meeting in which they were building to a $100 plan.
That meeting -- that we look exactly like it was used -- we did a little addiction.
What we add was that we put to the personal people who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
And with this microscope there was an increase in the 50 percent of the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of four percent.
The third technique is Chamble.
We can make a lot more comfortable than choices we can do.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a proper paradox.
And we saw that in the Web corresponds at the course of the northern room, the evolution of magazine can tell me from 100 different kinds of different types to 620.
But you know?
Because the silence tells me how to do it.
So these are two of them in the time of the short.
One is called "A "The Antarctica, "So."
If you think that the one on the left is Sirvan and the right on the right is January, you give a pale.
(Audience: Well, there are some one.
If you think that on the left is Jane and the right on the right is Shark, they give a pale.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left on the left is Jane and the right is Steven.
This story of slame is totally intelligence.
The cells have to be able to be able to be able to do something that I chose -- not when I define them.
You often look at this problem with those huge list of funds.
You know, who are they definitively?
My fourth cataly, and I was going to be able to make complexity here.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we have a little bit more information a little bit.
We have to increase complexity graphic.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean?
Let's look at a very complicated decision of a car.
This is a shark manufacturer of cars that allows it to be able to take it out of it.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions would look at the number of choices that offer each one.
Color, the outside of the car. I have 50 possibilities here.
Mother, it comes from change -- four choices.
What I'm going to do is a lot of the order that the decisions are.
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of choices -- 50 colors to a few of them at a few box.
The other half of the customers are going to go out of a few choices -- four blocks -- to 50 colors a lot of choices.
And what am I going to look like?
And so what you are.
And if you get a little bit of the back in every decision in every decision in every decision -- this means that they are opened, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from many choices to a couple of choices at the bottom again and again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to take the order to the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose it.
Even though you choose the box of changes don't say nothing about the presentation of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the
We are excited about a product that we're building right now has a little bit more stone with the process.
In order to survive.
I've been talking about four techniques to manage the problem of the choice of choices, Colombia, to take some extra artificials, continue, to make it real -- continue, we can make more cells with less choices with less choices -- to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make complexity
All of these techniques that I've been sitting there was designed to help us make the advances, or better for you, for you, to use them in their issues -- or for people who are going to go.
So I think that the key to get the best of an choice is being care about getting it.
And the more care we are in our best choices we can be able to practice the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Western Germany, if you had a machine.
I had to record an example of example written with the machine.
And this is that the government could be able to bring the origin of text to us.
If you found a written with the wrong message you could bring it up to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, what this is a lot that it would limited the freedom of expression of expression of expression of it.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color of any big value of any big manufacturer and print a page -- that page will end up having a number of yellow profits on every page that follow a pattern that makes them out of one and their print of it.
That's going on today.
And no one seems to take a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens are against us.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can put the attack into their advances.
There are three main groups.
These are the creatures.
Like Mr. Discover of the city of the city of King, in Urchange.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the literature.
There are actually a lot of millions of millions of millions of miles online online, which would make money with their attacks.
This is Vietnam Sample, and Stanford.
This is Alphor Gore.
This is Steve Walt.
This is Bar South.
These are Mathan Anner, Taskin Alexander and so on.
These guys do their own sources on line, but they do it by the illegal media through the back of the hands in order to break money on the line when we buy online and they rock our key to get information in our card when we bought in a computer computer.
The U.S. secret service in the United States, two months ago, I continue the course of this single single person, and this story was 14 million dollars when it was coming down.
Mr. Japan.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be victims of a crime that is a real creatures that of a real creatures that are going to be able to create a real creatures that are going to be able to be able to have a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of the creatures will happen online.
The second group of advances that we look at today is not made by the money.
There is another thing that makes them -- they will make them protect, they will make them move, they will make them be moving on them.
groups like Antarctica have come up in the last 12 months by putting a piece of speech on the line.
Those are the three main attacks, the creatures that make it for money, the hackers like Aricon who do it to try to protect and the last group are the state of the national state of the governments that they do.
And then we see cases like digital.
That is a good example of government against their own citizens against them.
To tell me is an authority of the countries of the countries, or actually it was.
And I would get the last place because of a slide.
They supported the site of the site and they lost a cloud.
The last week I asked it, in a meeting with the Gorea government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people in the attack to digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of this?
To tell me it's a curious authority for me.
They sell curiosity.
What are the current consumers?
Well, you need if you have a website with highlight, services saving SM: services like Georgia.
So except that they interact a foreign authority.
And that they are going to be able to be able to.
And in the case of saying exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Bank and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?"
Well, I was going to put the states out of the fact that I was able to go out of the seat of the self-sold police police in 2010, and during the back of the building, they found a lot of paper.
So between those paper.
And inside that supermarket there were some of a company with a company in Germany, who had been sold the tools of the tools to interact a great scale of the citizens in the country.
He had sold this tool by 250,000 feet the Egypt government.
The company of the company is right here.
I mean, the Western governments provide tools to the total governments to do this to their citizens to do this.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the States Steven, a tribes used by the operation of the government government to research.
If you are like you in a very well, well, it's pretty obvious that his phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond it.
It is the connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the United States to influence our computer with a train to allow us to see all the communication and listen to the distances online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be like, "Well, it seems a bad thing, but I don't really affect me because I am a honest city.
Why would it be worry?
I have nothing to hide it.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the private game.
The privilege is not disconnected.
It's not a question of prison against security.
It's about freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2010, any right that we do today, will be forever.
Do we trust it in any future government, in an admit that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, and I live in Kenya, in the South National park of National.
These are the vaccines of my dad at the bottom -- and behind the vaccines -- the National park of Nano.
The National National park doesn't have close in the greatest part of the south -- which means that you can go out of the statements like the characters were freedom out of the park.
And they discussed -- like the laws -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our won out.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we get up in the morning, and we found it in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only thing we have.
My community, the months, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up doing a lot of the law.
They die them are wars that protect our community and the paradox, and they're also motions with the problem.
So they kill laws like that.
This is one of the six laws who killed in Nano.
I think this is so few in the National park of Nano.
A child in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing I would happen to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire because I thought the laws would give me fear.
But I realized that this is actually this doesn't make it, because I even would help the laws to see the standard of the far.
I didn't give it up. It continues.
A second idea was to use an adverse.
I was trying to put the laws to believe that I was close to the stage.
But the laws are very smart --  They came the first day and saw the paradoxically, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a statement and that day the laws didn't come out.
I found out that the laws are afraid of the light to move on.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interview with the one that will learn and get the lights out.
And this is a little line of a roll light.
I got everything.
As you can see, the solar panel is the battery and the battery of the strange to the little industrial box -- I call it a transformation.
And the industrial box makes the lights go down.
And as you can see, they are going to go out, because that's where the laws come from.
And that's how you look at it when you come from night.
The lights straight and put the laws to think that I am walking through the stage, but I'm just going to be in my bed, but I'm going to do it in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with laws with them.
And the homes of the network heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother here.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
You can see them -- you can see the bottom -- these are the lights for laws.
Since then, I've been involved in seven houses in my community and they're getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, so that I would be able to be able to bring other people like herois, and they are also using them to be able to get elephants from farm farms.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the force to get a fish in one of the best schools in Kenya, Broading International Broading School, and I'm very excited about.
And my new school is now helping to get back and consider.
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the shapes of the save of my father, and I used to see a flying airplane, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I are.
I got the opportunity to come in the plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineering and ball when I grew up.
I used to hate the laws -- but now as my invention is saving the empty of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conflict with it.
And so what you get in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So I got a feedback. Richard Terrifying: Yeah.
CA: You are working on other electrical institutions.
What's the next one in your restore?
MT: My next invented is -- I want to make a close near electric -- CA: A close electricity?
MR: I know that they were invented by the electronics -- but I want to do the more.
CA: I tried it once again, you know, and I tried it before, but I was trying to do it before, but I got a call.  CA: At the field of it. Richard Turkey, are a big thing.
We're going to put up in every step that you, friend me.
Thank you very much. YR: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I don't send it."
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we went out all the time studying the story of digital Einstein -- but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America.
And so sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North North North North America, until it all changed from a sudden it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public except.
But I thought that my life in North North North was normal was normal was.
My family was not poor and I had never happened.
But one day, my mom brought home.
I said, "When I read this, the five members of the family will be there in this world, because we have no food in the two weeks old.
We are ready together in the floor and our bodies are so bad, that we are prepared to die to die.
I was very complicated.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the little time, when I was walking in front of the train station -- I saw something terrible that I can't break out of my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about care and their families.
And a huge man in North America in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end of the end of a million Americans died during the blood and just few they survive by eating earlier, insects and the tree.
They also made more and more of the energy, all of my energy, all around me was completely dark at night except by the lights of the sea in China, which is just running the river from my house.
I always wonder why they had light and us.
So this is a North North North Correction at night in the night compared to the neighbors in the night.
This is the Aristotle river, which comes out of light between North and China.
And as you can see, the river can be very anger in certain points -- allowing us to go to remarkable records.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies in the river here.
I can't send the details of how I went out of the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years, I was sent to China.
But I just thought I would be separate from my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would look like as a red refugee.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also dangerous -- because the remarkable rules in China were considered illegal immigrants.
And so I was living with a conscious fear that my identity was reversed -- and it would be represented to a horrible view of North North of the North Africa.
One day, my worst straight became reality -- when I was surrounded by the Chinese police and I was given in the police station.
Some of me had gone out of being room, then they went out of my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was standing.
I thought my heart was going to show up.
If it didn't seem natural -- it could be a strength and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and tell the questions.
And at the end of the entrance one said to another one, this was a failure report. She's not really northern."
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some of them in China are looking for the flow of foreign experiments.
But many of you can be surrounded by the Chinese police and depression.
These women had a lot of lucky up.
And even though they had controlled them -- they were eventually ready after an international pressure system.
These narrative did not have so much.
Every year income rivers are called in China and depressed in North North North the North of the North where they are supporting or employees in audience.
Even though I was lucky to pick up, a lot of others have not had so much door.
It's a group that the narrative have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work -- all their world can be able to get into an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hidden my identity -- I decided to be able to go to South South South South America.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be a lot of the South of the South was a much greater challenge of what I expected to.
And the English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I thought there was a great gap between North and South there.
We are all corresponds, but in the inside, we have come to be very different because of eight years of fun.
You even bring an identity crisis.
I'm a sub-Saharan or right?
Where am I that? Who am you?
At the point, there was no country that I could call my proud of me.
Even though I'm going to give you the life in South North South South the south wasn't easy -- I started to study for the University of income to University at the time.
Just when I started to take me to my new life, I got a call out there.
The North North North North North care would interact some money that sent my family, and as I find, my family was going to be advanced to the force to the force in the outside.
They had to have to get away from it.
And so I began to plan how to help them scale.
The narrative have to travel long distance on the way towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom towards freedom to the
It's almost impossible to cross the front of North North and North Correct.
So, indicating, I took a flight to China and I love to the front of the North of North America.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese -- I had to put them up, in some way, for over three miles through China and then through the substance of Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we almost had a few times.
Once again, our bus was stop and advanced by a Chinese police.
I asked the identity of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese I thought my family was going to be ranked.
When the Chinese office goes up to my family, I was going to put me up and I told him that they were kind of stranger people who was going on.
And I looked at me, but I found it as long as I believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Labs.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to hold up the head states in London.
But even after I spent the front, my family was surrounded and chosen to cross the entire frankly.
After paying military and supermarkets, my family was ready in a month.
But at the time, my family was surrounded and reached again.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was reproduced in prison in the correct of the South East Congo.
I was going to go and came between the immigrant office and the police station, and it would be desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more or a lot of molecules.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a desire would matter to question.
With my poor English and with a doctor -- I explained the situation -- the man went to the situation, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family to my family and for others to be able to take them out of prison and get them out of prison to them.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why does it help me?
"I am not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern power.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the bottom disappointing was a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed you that the balloon of the destines and the support of the international community are really the hotels of hope that the remarkable village needs it.
At the time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in South North North South America.
But to get your freedom is just half the battle of the battle of the battle of the battle is just half the stuff.
A lot of robots are separate from their families and when they run to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
And so we can benefit from the international community with education -- practice of English language, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside of it, and we sent information and money that is helping to change North North from the inside.
I've been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, and so I want to help us by giving up a chance to support the international support again.
I'm sure you are going to see more and more reduced around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in the South Center in the South Center here.
So this is Center Court, you take out of lights, very quickly food faces.
And so the citizens of the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center so that it represents something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles as if this is really wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  There is a really fast face -- very quickly failure, balloon.
Just like 21 million of the other Americans live in an food, the Alexander Center -- the South Center of the food to bring up and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring them more people in the car.
People are dying of curious diseases in the South Center Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South Center in the South
So for example, the computer rate on my neighborhood is five times as much as we say, Bruno Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I get to see that this happens.
And I ask myself, how did you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home you see the effects that the current food system has in your networking?
I look at whales of bubble companies and sold as an use.
I see a little bit of diagnoses of diagnosis like Stranges.
And I think this should stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
In addition to me that I was going to give you 45 minutes away and go back to buy a shoe that doesn't have a period.
What I did, was to plan a forest forest for my home.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 me for three me.
The point is, you know, the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come up with you, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Line.
What we do, we are a kind of a group that was paid by the ground of all of them, and all the whole city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
And then someone got managed.
And the city is going on to me on top of me and then they gave me a time by saying that I had to be able to go out of my garden -- the distance was made by the trip.
And I said to me, let's go on, right?
A white order to plant for food in a piece of land that no one matter.  So I was like, "Well, take it into it.
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Line Tomorro had the story written by Steve Charle, and I talked to the consciousness and one of the Germany Greens Greenspan workers, who put a period in Christmas, with 200 ways, we were a success.
We had the video in our hands.
My consciousness even called to say they were going to say that they were going to say that they were doing what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why isn't it?
LG: It's the city of the United States with more blood terrorists.
It has eight miles of board therapies.
That is going to be about 20 Central Pentagon.
That is enough to plant 250 million plant plants on it.
Why did you tell them that you don't think about this?
Culture one plant to give a thousand thousand seals.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars.
It's my hypothese, when I tell people, it's your own food.
Collaborator your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for the South Center here.
I grew up there. I created my children there.
I'm going to be part of this thing to be part of this thing that was standing for me for others, and I'm going to handle my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist here.
The grandfather is my graph, I grow my art.
So as a graphic artists -- I got the walls -- I eat streams, grades.
I use the garden, the land as a piece of light, and the plants and the trees -- they're my fight of that leg.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do if you leave it to be your leg.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a short and how it affects people.
What happened?
I am a team of how my grandmother became an education tool to be an education tool.
To change the community, you have to change the combination of the land.
We're the land.
They were going to be surprised to see how the kids affect them.
The grandfather is the most powerful and private act that you can do -- especially in a brother.
Also, you get frustration.
I remember an operation, that they came a mother and his daughter, they were like 10,000 of the night and they were in my shore, I went out and look at it and they look at it and you look at it and they look at it and you look at it.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt forced to see people who were so close to me, and this is just why I do this, why do I do this, the people ask me, "Well, you don't fear that people are going to break your food?
So I say, "I don't have a fear of it is going to be born.
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it up, but at the time, I want you to take your health health?
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee in the center of the Alphas Angeles.
They were these guys who were helped to get the way.
It was familiar to me about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and his grandmother -- and it was a great thing to see how it changed them, so it was just for a moment.
This is how George Greens has come to ask maybe 20 grades.
We've had about 50 people who come in, work and participate -- all of them on the volunteer.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat them.
If you grow toys, they eat technologies.  But if nothing of this are taught -- if you don't teach them how the food affect mind and body, they eat blind to what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are arrested. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them at any side.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Washington, Carolina.
But if we don't change the combination of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to plan a whole bunch of grandmothers, where people can share food in the same subject.
I want to lead to you and to turn it into health.
I don't know me.
I'm not talking about free things because the free is not sustainable to me.
The curious thing is that you have to show it.
So what I talk about is to be able to work to people, will take the kids out of the street, which you know the girl, the proud and the honor to grow their own food, opening farmers of farmers by making farmers of farmers by opening market.
So what I want to do here, we have to do this sex here.
I want you all to become ecologists in economics, gas, grass garden.
We have to change the genome of what's a grass.
If you're not a grandfather, you're not a grass.
So the games take your path of OK?
So that is your choice.
As if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chair and have me to be able to talk about making some of them -- to talk about making a little bit of mine.
If you want to look at me, you come up with the garden with his dad so that we can plan something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Marker's balloon --  -- (Chip microscope.  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice career here.
It is made of self-sold, and the safety is a good material to drive -- but not always in days as today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the safety that you see it.
And especially if you go out in his biologist and these cars happen, that is not very grateful in it.
In addition to a lot that can do a lot of weapon.
This is a really driven material and if we build rains, like in the world, very close to the cities, we wanted a kind of kind of kind of silent career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit of parallel failure.
Now, a matter that we use now is in most of the cards of countries, and the water can go together and the water can happen through it, so the whole water water is going to go into the side and have a career why it's easy to drive -- and they will not be able to go out of water never more.
The noise is also going to go up in these children.
Because it is very human, all the way it will go up, so it's a very nice career of it.
It also has adversity, of course, and the advantage of this career is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to be dead? You see that in this career of the surface.
First of all, then some more and more and more, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give him your stage, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more day.
Sometimes you can create males with that.
There it is.
Bats, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this materials.
It's a parallel paradox, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advanced between the pieces.
Because of the intelligence, to the empty light -- the optimistic, this break, this break, the piece of pick up -- it will be able to find out, and if you find it, you will be microscope and server from it.
So if you drive on the career -- they will take the advantages, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about the station of automobile.
If we can make this material get away, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can be used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be still, and we can cut out of the stage of the air in very small pieces and we can measure those little pieces with the ball.
And so we have spectrum with small pieces of land in it.
Then you need a machine -- like the one you see here, that you use to be able to take a childhood machine.
You can hear it, especially the sport, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the state, and it will be able to bring up the ball, the ball will be able to get through these microbes and the legs will look back at the surface.
Today, I used a rock of microscope, because I can't bring the big computer machine here at the stage.
The microbes is a similar system.
I put the show that I'm going to go to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples in the lab.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of career -- 400 feet of the Archies -- in which we had to make a trial of trial to test this materials.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test -- and then, of course, this career will last several years without any damage -- that's what we know about practice here.
We took a lot of samples of this career and we tried them in the lab.
We did a lot of agenda, we put a lot of charge in them, and then we put them back with our computer machine and we put them back and go back to them.
We can replace this many times.
Well, I can tell you that we have done a material using a background by using a film first, by using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the career -- they can even replace the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, have curious of if this also works.
We still have the shows here. It's pretty hot here.
In fact, you have to be able to figure out the first before I can show you how it comes up with.
But I'm going to make an attempt to do.
Let's see. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember to have a morning with the sound of the writer in my house.
My father was listening to.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those time, because the news they usually do.
"The tablets were they were gone?
I didn't know what it meant -- but I could see my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget about.
A real school.
You see, I was six years when the colleagues would be advanced from Afghanistan.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to pick up my older sister that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two we could be able to focus on.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could hold where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market of the market so that we were going to be bought that we went out of company.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us were sitting in a little room.
It was nice in the winter -- but extremely heat in summer in summer there.
We all knew that we were doing our lives -- the teacher -- the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and
As a time in when the school was supposed for a week because the tablets were supposed to be supported.
We always asked what they knew about us.
Are they going to go here?
Did you know where we lived from?
We were exciting -- but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was associated and the daughters a terrorist.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total rate of a complete proportion of Afghanistan. I tried her daughter, my mother, it went to school, and so his father said it.
But my mother has been made away.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education -- even their daughter, even though the tablets -- even though the risks are going to despite the risk.
For him, there was a higher risk in not to help their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments when I was very fascinated by our life and was always used and he didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "I mean, man, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money, you can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So you still want to continue to continue."
Today I have 12 years.
I grew up in a country which has been destroyed by decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the battle, and if my family would have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I find me here I'm proud of giving myself a little bit of that pressure in Milky College.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandfather -- that it was except out of his home for the war to help their daughters -- it was one of the first ones to happiness.
He's not just about my college team, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, who took it down by the streets of Kalli.
My family creates me.
I dream of big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I am the global grade of 1923, a global campaign to help women.
This is why I collected SO, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity.
And I see his parents and his families that, like the mine -- they go through them and even in front of a kind of sort of determined opinion.
Like Hahron. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Haiti is the father of one of my students.
It's less than one month ago, he and his daughter would go out of sound from his village to his village, and literally they went out of being killed by a boom on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they are the phone -- a voice would give him that if I was still sending his daughter to school, it would go to try to try it.
And I said, "You know, if you want, he said, "But I will not give you the future of my daughter for his old and delivered ideas.
What I've been telling you about Afghanistan -- and it's something that is often forgotten in the West -- it is that behind most of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those of those
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first conversation in the bright future of their daughter, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan. We need the support of men.
And under the tablets, the girls who went to school they think in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal was illegal up.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
And I find the Americans see the chemical of change.
I fear that these changes don't stop a lot -- after the record of the U.S.
But when I come back to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and his parents who are going to go through them, you see the antibiotics, I see a process and a shark change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive possibility and every day the girls of God remember me.
Like me, they sound in big one.
Thank you.
Now, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother that died in the exception," "You say, "Let's go back to Gallow.
But you never go back to a state of the Gallet."
They have spent almost two years since that I read the free revolution inspired by the spaces of massive movements as much of mass revolution as an emergency.
A forces with a lot of other culture citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day and start a revolution.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
women.
They have shown an example of the warming drug of Gallow.
They've shown a great sense of sound from the Middle East -- to the West -- to the south thing.
Finally, after a six months of broken war and a few of them of about 50 dead. We got to release our country and put the tower.
And yet, Galapace left a low low, and a little bit of therapy, corruption and searches of it.
For four decades, the title of Galloin destroyed the infrastructure and the culture and the moral structure.
And the construction of the details and the challenges -- I've wanted to have a lot of other women, and you will recognize the civil society, and I would take an including transition and right to democracy and national balance.
They became about 200 organizations in Benjamin during Berument, and immediately after the Gallery of Galapace.
After a period of 13 years, I went back to Liberia and with a unique excited entrage, I began to organize the development on the developing development -- and leadership skills of leadership ...
With an incredible group of women we were able to be able to be able to find the platform of women Library -- a movement of women.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the previous period -- an environment who was increasingly politically, which is moved from the station of computer and exciting politics.
With the time, our institution was taken and successful and success.
The women won about 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 12 years.
However, a little bit of the choices and the revolution of the choices and the revolution as a all, they were disappearing -- every day we found the news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the ancient models of ancient models and substrates substraction.
Another day I went down with the news of the American anger and the attack of the construction.
Another day we have the news in the news of the military of the military of the military of the military of the military of the military of the military of the army of the military of the army of the military of the military of the army of the military of the military of the army of the military of the military of the army of the military of
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their own human rights of the human rights and their lack of the law.
Our society, made up by a research metal -- it became more, and it has been away from the ideas and the principles of freedom -- digital justice.
The information, the exception and the sea became the consumers of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the success of the "pollen "success and the choice.
All right, I'm here today to tell you that we are as a nation -- we take the wrong decision today.
We don't work well.
Because the choices didn't brought the peace.
Do you want to grow and the alternative between heart and cardiovates and national record?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then.
Why do our society still have and made up and dominated with dominant spots of computer and excited, as much by men like women like that?
Maybe what I would have was not just women, but the female values of compassion and the complete computer values and income.
Our society needs the national diagram and the creation of the most than you needed the choices that you need to do is that they only worked out and divide.
Our nation needs the substance of how much of you need to need the nurses of the nurses and substance of it.
We need to stop act as an agent of innocence and call it a day.
We need to start to act as a couple of compassion of compassion and a surgery.
We have to develop a fear speech, which not only honor -- but also put it in practice in the subject in the spirit, the collaboration instead of competition -- even instead of exciting.
These are the ideas that an Liberia depressed by the war -- it needs to be desperately with the end of getting peace.
Because the peace has an altitude that is about the interact and the alternative between the female perspective.
So that's the real graph.
We need to set up that in a good way before we do it in the social way.
And I agree with a version of the Congo Canopach -- "The Camera -- "It's the word of the Goddes God, computer.
At the time, the word "really, that you know in all of the abstract tradition -- it has the same reason in Arab that the word -- showing the fear and materials that would go to all of the humanity that men and women, from which all of them and all of the people have gone together.
And so, just like the name is completely the emergency, that grows inside the distance of compassion of compassion all the existence of the existence of the entire existence of the existence of the entire existence of the existence of the entire existence of the existence of the existence of the entire existence of the existence of the existence of the existence of the existence of the existence of the
This is what it tells us is to tell us, "My sub-Saharan adventured things."
This is what it tells us, "My separate subject on my short."
That all of you are going to tell you how much of the surgery.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a significant question, which has an equally exciting answer.
This is the secret of computer violence and the question I am going to take you is the one that all of them do always -- why did she do?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who picks up with a man who picks?
I'm not a psychologist, no social workers -- I didn't experience a computer violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 22 years old.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a written and education in the magazine sense.
I had my first approach, my first green card America, and he had a very big secret down.
My secret was that a lot of times, the man, that I believe my sound gentleman, and I was going to his head with a pill with a pollution with a story with a story of storyteller.
The man, that I loved more than anyone in this world, put a list in my head and threat to kill you more times than I can remind you.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Loca love -- a psychological transportation, which is failure to love where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a survival of the computer violence.
I am an English at the University of Harvard University and I have a GPS at the Mark World Business.
I've spent most of my career working for the "Hollywood course of the "Holly "Chain -- among them John "The Johnson and John Leone and The Washington Pole.
It took almost 20 years away with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black work and it takes a motion Hollywood Spins.
So my first message for you is that the computer violence can happen to anyone -- all of the rules, all the religion levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think the computer violence goes to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly it.
More than 45 percent of the materials are men, and the computer air only happens to be men, intensity and a long way, or in a long way, or a long way, or in the families -- the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be going to be a man who would get it, and actually I was a very typical life because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women have three times more likely to be a variation of computer violence than other age, and over 500 women and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and novels in the United States.
I also went to a typical video because I didn't know anything about domestic violence -- their signals or their patterns or their patterns.
I met South Control in a cold and card night.
I was sitting down to my side in New York and started to get with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get a college from a college from the Star Leonardo, and he worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But the thing that I thought most was in that first found was that it was ready and fun and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a big mountains as a landscape, and a grass drop break, and it seemed so disappear.
One of the most smart things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the signal that I was the computer component of the pain.
He did it on the beginning of the beginning to put in a policy.
We started to go out and love all of me, which was ready -- that he had gone to Harvard who was going to be able to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my infinite, my dreams and children.
He believed in me, as a woman, as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And so that was why the civilization in that school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first flow in any relationship of computer violence is going to be going to stay and get into the vision.
And I didn't know that the second step is to be able to.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to make a partner for your partner and so I went on, I left my work and Contrace and I went together.
I had no idea that I was running on a love love, which was coming out of your head in a physical transport, financial and psychological and psychological proportion.
The next step in the computer pattern pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it works.
And this is where you go into the scene of those plays.
In how much we moved to New English -- you know, that place where I was supposed to be so sure that I had to be so safe to be made of three places.
One was in the middle of the car.
Another short belong below the hitting in our bed and the third always in his police.
And he said that you needed those pieces to cause that I lived from a little thing.
I needed them to feel safe for them.
But those cells actually were a message for me, and even though I had never been up my hand, my life was already seriously, every minute of every day.
And the first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our boat.
It was the seven out of the morning, and I still had the road.
Five days later, when the 10 tons of my hot had been disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with him.
Even though I was going on, I was sure we will live happy for always because I loved it and he also wanted me to get a lot.
And I was very, very pressured.
It just had a very nice sense on the boat and the fact that we form a family with me.
It had been a clinic accident. I was never going to give me a day.
I spent two times as much as in our mine.
The first time I was driving up to a secret project, and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that you see several times against the corner of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, by driving back from our head and he went out of the traffic and I was going to give me a Big males in the face.
And I was following a picture or two times a week for the next two and a half years a year.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of every three American violence is video of domestic violence of computer violence or at some point in his life, and the center of control of disease that every year 15 million children are malaria, 15 million children are marketing.
So, actually, I had very good company.
So let's go back to my question, why did I get there?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was looking at me.
At the way, I was a very strong woman in a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world that could help me to focus on their demonstrations.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you simply make?
Why didn't I get it? I could have been at any time.
So for me this is the most sad and painful question that makes people -- because we are, we know something that you normally install, is incredibly dangerous.
Because the last flow in the computer pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the separates in the cases of computer violence happens after the victims has gone to the relationship -- after you get up, because then the advantage has nothing to lose it.
And the other representations include the people, even after the advantage has come back to it, determine from financial resources.
And yet we still keep asking why it's just not going to it?
I was able to go up, and I was able to go out of a last piece of paradox that I came up with.
I realized that the man who loved it so much, I would have killed it if they had been allowed to.
So I break the silence.
He told it all the world -- the police to my neighbors and my friends and family frames, and I'm here today because all of you would help me.
We have the trend to deal with the victims as a strange charity, an automathous women, well-being women.
And the question, "Why is it?
For some people is a way to say "The Child is your being about staying, as if the victims we would try to focus on men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Look "Love, I have heard "Love first of men and women who were also staying up, and that they learned a intentional lesson of what happened to them and they related their lives and happy and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers -- completely free of violence -- like the more.
Because it turns out that I am a victim and a survival of a very typical volunteer violence.
I was going to go home with a head and strange man and we have those three children.
I have that black work and also that moving up.
What I'm not going to come back to you, and it's not a little bit more characterized by my head in hands of someone who says I want to do.
At this moment, the same you're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating? or "Hey, what was I touched was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I make sure there are some of the people who are listening to me right now, which are being broken or that they were a little bit of small or they are advanced themselves.
The matter could be affect his daughter, to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to be able to put my own particular love back to the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims -- and it's my last oil to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
It was just going to just put out on the silence of it.
They have the power to end up with the computer violence just taking light on it.
The victims we need all the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret violence.
They take the material to the light talking about it with their children, their work, their friends and family.
And you can see their vision of survival as fantastic and entire people who have a full future.
And they recognize the early signs of violence to interact with their scale and show the victims of a safe.
And together we can turn our bed together, our families and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hi, I call her Camera Russia, and for a time, I'm a model.
To be precision, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this moment there is an amazing understanding in the room because I should not have seen like this.  And so I have brought it up to change.
This is the first little change of rock in a stage of TED -- so you have a lot of lucky to it, I think.
So if some of the women would come out of the women, you don't have to say it right now, but I will find it later on Twitter and I'll find it out.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very increasingly, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part of this is going to go through this place for your head, because it's when you go to me, so you don't do anything while he covered my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embraced.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The astronomers is powerful but as well.
I have completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a novel in real life.
I was totally income and the photograph told me that it was going to take the back and get the top of the girl.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial bottle as I made me two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, even though surface and incompassion, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, will be valuable means to be honest for me.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I am a nice woman, and in my labor sector -- that is to be a sex girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always going to do with me, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be a model.
And I always say, a lawsus found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I made me model is because you won the genetic level, and I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're asking what this is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as a health and high school, which we are biological to admit -- we also have been associated to a high and shark storytelling -- to the female and a white skin.
And that is my hero, and I have ever known to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now shows slime -- and maybe there are a few of the farmers that say -- I hope -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- there are Manhattan, Territor, John Simple, Line Steven.
First of all, the happiness.
But I usually have to get to you that in 2007, a dramatic student of the University of New York told all of them and every one of the models in the room, and of the 777 models -- only 27 -- only 27 is to say, less than four percent, they were not white people.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it is bigger when it is bigger to me.
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell you to every one of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a heart particular surgeon -- which would be important, because you would be the first one.
If you after this special list -- still instant, no, no, no, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my broken.
Because I am not in the charge of anything, and you could be the reduction of the reduction of the Veriods of the American Veria -- or the next San September Sting.
To say that most of you want to be model is how to say you want to win the light when you are bigger when you are bigger as you are.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
And finally, once you have been able to have your studies -- and you have a correct and a few work to your spaces, no matter what you say, if you say you want to want you to want you to want you to want to be president from the United States, but you said, "Model of the inside for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all of the pictures will come back.
And yes, they practice all the picture, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I got to me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my person.
I know that we are in the personal ground but it was a child.
This is how it looks at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are from the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a picture for a few days before the pictures for the French Vietnam.
So here I am with my family team and in the Vietnam magazine here.
And this is me in the activity.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those picture.
They are created from a group of professional group -- police, photographs and stations, and all of their students and people of press and production and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, you get free?
I have too much of the 20 feet and I never use, except the couple of it, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free speech.
When I was advanced, I travel with my friend who was a control -- it went out of a red point, and of course, we went out of the rest of us, and I went out of the feeling of it, and I was able to be able to be able to keep on it.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York -- and last year, in the 150 teenagers that are going to give them and record -- 80 percent were black and landscape, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black people in New York, so for them, is not a question of me?
But how many times are you going to be stroke?
By the research for this talk -- I found out that at 13 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 75 percent at the age of support.
So the last question that people do is, how is life in a model of a model.
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more deliver, and you have the biggest hair and you feel very happy and fast.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel and also incredible to be able to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what's going on, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is, I am important.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more few legs and the most brilliant hotel, it will be happier?
You just have to meet with a group of models -- because they have the most delivered legs -- the most brilliant and the more to the way, but it's probably the most inspiring women on the planet.
But about everything it was hard to take a situation of a natural information and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there is something that will come from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and frankly.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the most enough to hold a camera -- but today I want to share with you about 15 pictures -- and I did not have me who I did it.
There were not an artificial director -- no strangers, no opportunity to replace the pictures -- not even a method that is in the legislation.
In fact, most of them were able to stop it.
My story starts when I found in the city of New York to give a poll, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter in the day of his first chemicals. That's the corner of five and five percent.
He gave the ability that we went back to New York right now a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When I was going to get the third of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take it to the New York in a journey and participate and continue the rich?
This is when we started to ask the places that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the gift of getting the camera to a complete destination is so universal is so universal it.
No one has no one has done and, unfortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of us would change this journey.
It became a nice thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened in that day that a girl of five years could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than a short moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October and to make sure of our evolution and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always have the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter is going to get new did, and I can see life through their eyes and how it gets and interact with everything.
That time we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
And recently, in one of the journey -- we were walking up, when suddenly it was struggled in school, and it was a red color of the state tens that I was talking about small in before.
And I described what he had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to be able to look at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the remind them.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I don't know about you, but it comes from these 15 pictures -- I don't go out in many of the family pictures of it.
I am always what the picture.
So today I want to take you up to all of us going on in the picture, and you don't have to be able to be able to ask someone and ask it, do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The babies are in the bigger birds in the top of the bigger birds in the top of the bigger birds that are in the top of the bigger birds in the top of the bigger birds in the top of the bigger birds are in the bigger group.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disaster light lights like mental characters -- the statements -- states.
More recently, if you've been following the sense of a short teenager and applications and activists these are the authorities that associated with the Kali Park.
I don't accept it. You know why.
Because the members of the Paul don't keep the environment --   Participants are not help to prevent the spread of disease.
They are difficult --     they're far away from extinct.  And my favorite favorite have better present.   There are two kinds of budget on this planet.
There are the buttons of the New World who are mostly in the America, like the containers and the cards of the old world, where we have 16 species -- of these 16 species -- 11 faced a high risk of experiments.
So why are the babies that are important -- first of all, they set up video employees -- clean services.
They are our own nature.
They clean the hands up to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the bones to the
They help to kill all the bacteria -- they help you open the state that it will not be because of them that are going to spread and would cause large loss of won and diseases in other animals.
studies recently have shown that in areas where there are no bulls, the scientists take three to four times more time in determining, and this has huge robots in the spread of disease.
You also have huge historical importance too.
They have been associated to the old rich culture.
And he was the symbol of the proteins and the material and the material and along with the community, they would change the unit between the Hill and the Earth.
And in the high school, January was the book -- and a little bit his life to save the dancing day from 10 heads all over 10 head.
In the free culture -- they do a very important thing to open open sky -- in places like this, there is no place to address the dead -- or a world to create them, so these babies are going to provide a natural electricity.
What's the problem with the balls?
We have eight species in Kenya.
The reason is that they're being engaged, and the reason that they're being excited is because there are conflict between humans and the flow -- the paralyzed communities use this visit against the reporters, and as a consequences -- the babies are victims of this.
In South Asia. In countries like India, in countries like India and Pakistan.
This drug has been properly proposing in India in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no biologists, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the number of street dogs -- and when you have a lot of street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time -- the number of race cases has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the world's biggest electronic parts in Africa, 350 purposes are going to be up to the Tairbook Lama.
I'm not against the electronic energy -- but we have to work with governments because the electronics eradications do this to birds -- they cut them out of half the way.
They are birds of birds are birthday.
In West Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead butters to serve the frame and the hard market.
So what is this doing? Well, we're looking at these birds -- we are putting them together.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so you will focus on a problem that is going to be not going to look at anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about making the books, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they do.
How can you help -- it can come back, and you can go back to a letter to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very critical records -- giving her time to figure out the word to demonstrate the word.
When you go out of this room, you're going to give them on the babies, but they talk to their families.
They are very elephant. Charles Darwin said that he changed it -- because I saw them flying without effort -- no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do -- and everything I do probably -- my life has been moving for seven years of work during my age in Africa.
So since there are 100 to 1997, I read a young -- but I am not I am I am --  I worked in Zambai, Kenya cost from March, Argentina and Solartone, in the technology project with African countries.
I worked for an intentional NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa Africa.
And I was perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21 that we were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, everything we were able to do with it.
Our first project, which I inspired my first book, "Woods from the Zamber, was a project where we decided to teach the people in order to grow food.
So we came up with search seasons to the South Zambia to this absolutely exciting worth that destroyed to the Ziora River, and we teach the local topics and calls and charges, and sheets.
Of course, people were not at the very interested in doing that, so we were paid to come to work, and sometimes they don't go on.  We were assumed that the local ones -- in so much, they had not been agriculture by the time.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible to do nothing -- we just said, thank God that we're here.  Just to save the time to save people from January of the hunger."
And of course, everything in Africa is cross-doubled beauty.
So we got these magicians out of the teachers -- I got to grow this size to this size -- in Japan.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shapes, look at how easy it is agriculture.
When the symptoms were nice and reduces and red at night to the morning -- about 200 we've gone out of the river and they eat everything.  And we said to the shoes, "Oh my God, the story?
And the shapes said, "Yes, that's why we have no agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked it.
And I thought that we are only the institutions in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans were doing -- what the English did, what the English financial, and then I saw what they were doing -- I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambai.
Because as you can see, at least we feed them.
You should see the states --  You should see the specialists that we give them to people in Africa.
It wants to read a book, I read "The Detail Detail of Daniel Monterey, and he was shaked.
The book was published in 2009,
We are, we have gone out of Western countries, two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
They just read his book.
The part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Western is improvisation, and we are institutions, and we treat people just two ways, or we are paralyzed, or we are paralysis.
The two words come from the landscape of the Latin Randown "reality?
However, it means two different things.
Paralysis, I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my children.
Particular, I deal with all of the one of a different culture as if it was my serious.
So the white white in Africa are called "World: head.
That book gave me a balloon in the face.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of help is to respect it.
This morning, the guy who opened this conference on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't being relatively?
I decided at the age of 27 -- and I invented a system called the people, and he invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything else, but it becomes a service of the local passion and the local passion of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You get down.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels like the people in the location.
We don't work from the office.
We went together in a coffee -- we went back in a sea.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the passion of it.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is available.
So years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for a time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for once -- we hear them -- but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret here.
There is a problem with the community meeting with us.
The entrepreneurs would never come in, and they never say, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity have ever identified it.
So planning has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't hold their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
Protection is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business -- which is going on with you in your house, at the table of his kitchen -- in the case, and he helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
And I started this as a test in Supberic, Western Australia, Western Australia,
I was doing a doctor at that time, trying to get away from this kind of conditions that we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in it, and the government came to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I listened to them and listen to them --   So the government says -- "No again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of sound.
Peter Drone, one of the most great business applications in the story, I went back to 99, a few years ago.
Peter Drone was a picture teacher before you get in the business, and this is what Peter Darwin, "The planning is actually a computer with a society and an economy of innovator.
The planning is the base of the death of the business spirit of it.
So now you can see Christians without knowing what the most amazing people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to turn up with you.
You have to offer them conflict, private it has to be fantastic.
In a community.
Can you imagine a community.
So what are you going to do is you have more this morning, right?
And so local people are accelerating. That's what you have happened.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurs is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- not regulating fossil -- name -- -- and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable to do.
The intervention engine is not sustainable to do.
And the face as a way of sustainability is not sustainable to be.
What we have to think about is how we care, we cut up, we education, we eat seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- universities?
The government God?
It will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There is a nice story that I read in a future magazine ago, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to stop the future of New York city in the 17th year 1970.
And in the 17th, it came up with this group of people. And they made this group of people, and they have been able to be able to happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the concept was this teacher, the city of New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they took up the cure and they suggested, if the population keeps growing up to this rate -- to bring up the population of New York to the ones -- they would take six million gentlemen, and the soldiers produced by six million gentlemen, it would be impossible to be impossible to be.
They were already advice in the state.  So in 1810, they were sending this little technology that would take the life of New York.
So what happens -- in the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States came up with 100 companies argument, 110.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely associated and there was very few of them and there were a few of them in the appropriate places.
Death, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs to work.
First of you, you have to offer them conflict.
On the other way, they won't come with you.
Then you have to give you an absolute thing, announced, excited.
And right, you're going to have to tell you the truth of the way to work.
The smallest company, the largest company, the largest company, it has to be able to make three big things -- the product that you want to sell it has to be fantastic. You have to tell with a fantastic.
You know what?
We've been known to a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born there.
We have researchers and look at the 100 companies in the world Carrot, Western, Finance, Foundation, all the new companies, Google Channel.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- just one was started by one person.
The word "me," but the word "Arable," 32 times.
He was not just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have failures, who come from an environment of small business sitting on the backs of their destines who are going to do for you, which is what someone did for you, which someone did for this gentlemen, who talk about this public, someone who will ask you, what do you need.
What can you?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money, can you look like?
"Oh, no, I can't do that. I want you to look for somebody to do that?
We are active by community.
Thank you.
You know, you can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors -- that's why we didn't get a lot of knowledge in order to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I have tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like an advance, which are plants and children.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their approaches?
How can we pay and ask more things to be able to call the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings in our buildings and understanding our pathogen?
How do we share more of our hope in order to make our communities so that our communities are able to solve our needs and dreams?
I live in New Obama and I'm interested in New Orders.
My sound always find an algorithm with the giant robots that give us the grandfather of the grandparents that give us and shorter and stores from a few century ago.
It always gives the music --  there's a detail in New Orders.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of properties in the United States.
I live near this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John as a mother for me.
his death was sudden and seriously.
I thought a lot about death.
And this makes me a deep fragility for the living time.
He gave the significant things about my current life.
But I got to keep this look at this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transform the wall of this house in a giant trick and paint on it for me to be able to be able to die.
And so they were able to take a girl, to be able to be able to be able to be able to share about their lives and share personal assistance in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was represented and continue to go.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die for me to be a piece of picture.  First of the die of die I want to sit down in the shark of the dead change line.
First of you want to die for millions of people.
Let me die for a tree.
Because I want to die out of the web."
Before I die I want to give you one more time.
Because I want to go to the rest of somebody else.
Before I die I want to be completely myself.
And this space spread became construction and the dreams and hope of people made me come up with a card, and I was given to me -- and they gave me it in a very difficult time.
It's about knowing that you are not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and electronic ways -- it is about giving the relationship and the contract, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and we change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages from people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the scientific center we did a child and now have been made in countries in countries from the whole world, like Kalli, South Africa, Australia and beyond there.
together we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express them and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
And in our age of distributions in the way, it's more important than I never -- find the ways of looking at the perspective.
The death is something that we often avoid to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that you will get to death.
To think of the molecular death our life.
Our shared spaces can make better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories, the people who surrounded us can't only help us improve places, can help make our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today, I have a only period.
Please don't tell me that I am normal to me.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Result is 12 years old, it's high and very weapon.
I don't talk about, but it's going to be better than some of the best streams.
He knows what love.
I shared it by the way that happens.
It is not an agriculture. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this -- it has never gotten up.
When you look at the songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I could not even get to you, I remember one thing, the little thing that we know about mind and the wonderful thing that should be the desire of it.
It has 16 years old. It's a lot -- it's very weapon.
It could be the most sustainable memory of it.
However, it's a collective memory memory here.
It doesn't remember if I came up with my chocolate, but I remember the year in which I came out every one of the songs of my iPod, you know, that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm on my arm during the first employer of the Telescope and the Latin Latin Latin Galapago.
Do you don't seem to be an amazing thing.
But most people don't agree about it.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the concept of society of society, often are innovative and increasing.
But what I took to my heart and head my sound was that even if that was the case, even though they don't consider them inside of it, that could only mean one thing, which were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary one.
Now, for those less familiar term with the term "Scotton: it's a complex brain complex that affects social communication and learning and sometimes to physical skills at all.
In each individual you have a different way, from there that Remember is so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it would do a new case of autism -- and even though it's one of the development of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause no known to.
I don't remember my first meet with the car, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me.
He was living and recorded in their own world, and he was going to be able to pleasure in the smaller things -- like putting the cars into the back of the room around the room, to look at the landscape and eat anything that would have between media.
And as I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more events.
But beyond the brilliant, the frustration and the dentity of the engineering, there was something really unique -- a public nature and income, a child who saw the world without predators, a human being that there was never mental.
It was extraordinary.
I can't notice that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual -- communication and love, and I realize that they are things that it doesn't want to change by the normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Reston and Sama and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal to me.
They can be extraordinary can be extraordinary up.
Because autism or not, the differences that we have -- they're a door? Every one of us has a dog in their inside and surprised, the search of the narrative is the last spectrum of the potential of the potential of the power.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change in the time where we try to be like each other.
Please do not tell me that I am normal for me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has to have been Alice in the country of the Mars in the country.
He asked me to me to me, a communication teacher that gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was staying.  It was actually statistically.  And it was actually about these students with their big mind, their big books and their big words and words and words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what animals must have felt when she got the hole of the edge and saw the door of a new world.
And so I was so feeling when I had those conversations with the students with the students that they have, and I wanted other to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication here.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are taking our bigger challenges -- from energy and care of health, and if we don't know about this, and if we don't understand about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions as well.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invited us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please.
I want to share some questions about how you can do it to make sure that we can make sure that their science is sex and their engineering is absolutely.
The first question to answer them, and then what?
You give them why science is relevant for us.
We don't tell us just that they study the transportations, but they study the transportations, which are the balloon structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the teachers.
And when they are describe their science, care with the game.
It is an object for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and terribly solution, but why not say space and time that is much more access to us?
You can make them access is not the same thing to make them.
At the way, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible.
They can communicate their science without making the ideas.
So something to consider is to use examples -- stories and analogies. They are ways of striking and encouraging with their content with their content with it.
And when you present his work, you get the signs of the signs of the signs.
You have been asked why they're called "busy" --  What do the battles" do -- balls kill -- and kill their pressure -- and kill their pressure here.
A film like this is not only about it, but it's supposed to be too much in the language of the language of our brain and us.
In change, this family example of gene Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the transportations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the East Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence to use a simple phrase -- that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit and to continue, to provide graph that come up with our other senses and create a more profound sense of understanding what it is.
I think these are just some key things that can help each other we open the door and look at the country of the wonderful thing that is science and engineering it.
And so scientists and engineers and engineers when they have been able to put this equation, for all the media.
One of my favorite words of the whole Excellence of English English is soldiers."
Just because it sounds very well.
And soldier: So soldier: "Hello" means "slowly "slame?
And even though there was a periodic application of the 19th century that I did a lot better when he said, a station is that you look for a public charge no matter what a public charge without matter -- platform or first, and that when I won it, it gets on the use of a red rooftop of a red rooftop.
I have no idea what they mean driven.
So something to do with the words, I suppose to the words, I guess
It's very important that the words are the based on politics -- and that all the politicians know they have to try to give the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1889, that the British Paul allows the newspapers to close the exact words that they said in the particular camera.
And all of this was thank you to the worth of a guy with the name of Brazil Constraints, who was face to the Palestini.
They went up at the Earth of London, and they got it, but he had enough to be able to deal with them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the photo was going to be the picture of the photo "and the metaphor of the metaphor.
Most of you think it's light.
It's not. It's because of the freedom of the freedom of freedom.
But in order to show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the infrastructure.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, your leader one.
They didn't know it.
How do you call the leader of a reputation country?
This was destroyed in the Congress for a long time.
They had all kinds of surfaces that could have been fragmented.
Some of them wanted to call it Japanese Washington of State Washington, and said, "How George George Gathage Washington, and other "for the Liberian Life Life Leviers.
It's not very abused.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Arch."
They thought it was a quality of question.
And not even with that were motion, they had the idea that you could be chosen for a detail for a detector detail.
And it could have been serving.
The whole world is excited about, because this debate is paid for three weeks.
And I read the day of a poor sense, and I always wrote with this subject."
What causes the back and the way that the camera of Republic was against the Senerge.
The camera of Republic didn't want Washington to be power.
They didn't want to call it a record by whether I went to him or his own ideas.
So I wanted to give you the most powerful title and more straightforward and more straightforward than it happened.
And that team was President."
President -- they didn't invented the title before, but it only meant somebody who president a meeting."
It was like the president of a robot.
And I didn't have a lot of bigger than the term or "such "speed?"
And there were some of them of small controller media and the government.
And that's why the sign is operation.
They said, "It's right, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to be treated and bring up with stranger distances.
And who will take a little bit to be a lot of strange and improving the American Prince?"
And then finally, after three weeks of debate -- the Senerge did not happen.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite thing to where I've been able to find out, the Senergen has never heard of the president of President Prince.
And the President Bank Barry is kind of trying to follow there, waiting for the signal to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is a temporary --  -- you can be able to wait for 220 years more.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important, and this is the most important, and I want to leave you, is that the president of the United States in the United States doesn't sound at all as powerful today in the day, right?
On the whole thing if you have over 5,000 nuclear head, the largest economy of the world and a flow of the world are not strengthening and so on.
The reality and the story have given the team of great one.
So at the end won the Senerge.
They got their responsibility to it.
And also the other worry about the September, the station of silence, well, it was a single signal at the time.
But you know how many nations have now pressured?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Seven won and the camera of Republic lost lost because no one is going to feel how much of them is going to tell them that now are the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn -- and what I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to make shape and control reality -- but really, the fact that it is a lot more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 and a half to land in an illegal minute of Ghana at all.
The air is care of heat and dust and it's hard to breathe it.
I feel the right bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but about all, that paradigm of male things and you might be able to be able to do with private tools with it.
As the other people, it took a little bit of light of light light to the head with this army electronic and I can be able to tell you the rules that are holding the walls of that hole in the hole of a feet that makes hundreds of meters on the ground.
It was my hand and suddenly my hand and suddenly I remember a minimum that I met before, who lost control and shelter in that poet.
And while I talk to you today, these men are at the profound of that today, and it was not the deep of that room and regulated and often die.
I went out of that today, and I went home and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure from school.
In the last 27 years I was giving the national culture in over 70 countries in six countries, and, in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exponential in the Coral Percent of Vanica.
So among all the amazing people I met there to a strange intervention of "Arab that Same San The Samaria who has been done to deal with modern school.
We started talking about schooling, and I really started learning about school because I knew that there are in the world but not to such a degree of it.
When we ended up talking to me very bad -- I was forced to ignore this architecture of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And I was made by a state and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Director of the San The Same Stanford and offer my help.
And this is how my journey was to modern school.
You know, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even would consider my second home.
But this time, it would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at the substrializations.
A short school says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It is the twice of the amount of African Africans in the whole about the whole deal of transportation.
150 years ago, the cost of an farmers of a farmers was about three times the top of a U.S.
The equivalent of the equivalent of the United States.
However, today you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And so much as surprisingly, the school generate of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been put out with a good education of good education and better work for then to find out that they're forced to work with no pay -- under the threat of violence and they can't make it.
Today the station of the empty of the comment, the goods produced by schools have value.
The school is almost all around the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India. In India and New, I met the hotels of them.
So this strange story was like coming into the ancient Egypt or the Detail of Daniel.
You know, income in a temperature of 72 -- men -- men -- men -- men in the fact -- in fact, the entire family families in a pollution of police -- they have mechanical managers in their head, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the arms in the articles that are to hundreds of feet.
And I depended on the mountain and the short work on the silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no countries to eat -- not to eat -- and the depression would see it was a pretty amazing thing to give out of it was pretty important.
And so principles were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the act and he stopped work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the car and make it work with the air to turn it up, and I was sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
It turns back in the hours I wanted to get to the courses, but the advanced thing that I was at my side I was going to give me and he said, "Let me don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I explained very clearly that we will show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't give you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they were already anymore.
I had to trust the San The San The system and work inside the system and they trust them to get it.
So I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the High, I found kids running up for miles for miles for the moments that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who were running them and the children are telling them to their head with careers made out of them, corners and houses.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so in so organized?
Some people don't even know that they are schools -- and they work 16 to 17 hours a day without pay -- because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare it.
And when these villages had his freedom.
When you hear the school word often we often think of sexual traffic and because of this world consciousness took me to be hard to work with security in this particular business.
And I was going to get women who had been pretty many sex sex scales.
It took me for a few of them who were going to give up to this kind of substance of a fluid light.
It wasn't exactly a block.
It was more well a rest of it.
Result, as you know in the office, they are local for the force prototype.
They have small room, private rooms, where the schools -- with their girls and kids, some of only seven years -- they're forced to get the customers and to try to buy more food and altitude.
Each of them is dark and sound, identify by a number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a corner.
The workers often suffer sex in the hands of their clients.
At the point, I remember there will be a sense of a heavy shark fear and, in that instant, just I could imagine what it should be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be standing on that infection.
I just had a room, the states where I came in.
There were no doors on it.
There were no window enough to bring up.
Those people don't have space, and because we put a very difficult issue -- it's important to point out that electronics, even the sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are involved in agriculture -- in restaurant, in the domestic service and the list can continue to.
recently, the New York Times that between 100,000 and 300 American children are sold every year as a sex.
It happens to be, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often relate to the hand of a school work.
I saw Indian village in which there were entire family families in the beginning of the seat.
This is a family.
And the black hands of black are from the father -- the blue states of their children.
They look at them in these big neighborhood in these big barriers and support it on the liquid to the elements, but the title is theory.
My job told me their stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
We were still hoping -- yet it will be able to get out of this house and go to another place where we really pay our job to us.
And so it gets more than 4,000 children who are more than 4,000 children in the Lama Lama, the largest artificial language in the world.
When we came in, I went to a quick look at a quick look at it.
I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a boat -- two older brothers -- some more young children -- it makes sense isn't it?
mistake. It was all schools.
The kids are separate from their traditional families and destroyed and forced to work together in these boats in the ball, even though you don't know to know.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat was going on was standing up, it was the way that his little song was explored.
I was involved by the fear of the water.
The rules of the rules of the trees of the trees of the trees in the land and they often take networks and children and with fear.
Many of them are going on.
Since remember, it has always been forced to work on the land.
And I fear his love is not going to join you, and as all life has been treated with creature, it's really treated to the most young people under their mother.
I met these guys at the age of five of the morning, when they would get the last networks -- but they had been working from the one of the one on the top of the one.
On the cold night.
And it's going to point out that these networks weight over 400 pounds when they're recorded from fish.
I want to introduce you to Kong.
Korea was replicated in a village of fishing.
I met it in a refugee in which "Driven Stephen the stations of the scale of the school.
Korea shows the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
It's driving by a career in Ghana with South Charter with Salary Charles, a advanced picture with his same same store of sudden to be able to be able to be able to be able to get and put our car out and put the window.
And he asked us to follow it for a land to the forest.
At the end of the way, I started to get out of the car, and he asked him to go out to the conductor that would come out quickly.
And then I would point out this substance and said, "This is the way, this is the path -- this is the way.
So as we started to go down, we take all the way back to the path and after walking around the path and after walking out the way that the way was advanced by the recent records, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we go up in these water.
After two hours of walking, the way I was able to end up in a clear of the way of a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could be able to be able to be able to get in a fabulous field and all of them were full of electronics workers.
A lot of women had children who had a little bit of children in the back, and as you were looking for gold -- they were walking in water in water with a market.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are escaped in a piece on another part of China.
When they came out of the point they were embraced in his own shore.
I remember looking at his eyes striked, because many of them had been under Earth for 75 hours.
People have 90 feet and these people are going to be able to be able to be able to be transformed to another area in which they will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
In the first view, the site seems to be full and strong men -- but if you look closer at it, we can see to work to work other and also children.
They are all victims of responses, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of the biologists and the visit for a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died it up to work it to work with him in the ministers.
And when you die his uncle -- Manhattan is going to stay out of the whole thing that the force is going to be school in the microbes in the other.
When I met it, I had worked in the age of 14 years and the leg of the legs that you see here is product of an accident.
In addition to that, Man has the bulls and not a lot of that, it's forced to work night and day in that morning.
Even like that, he sounds like to be read and educated with local activities like "Draw that San The San The Samartan Charter, and it is this kind of detection, in the face of a remote possibility -- what I got inspired to me.
I want to take light on the scale.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we are going to say that we will be able to be able to be able to help change their lives.
I still believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then you get very hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call an archives like electronic.
These images are not recorders. They are from people, real people, like you and like me, who have the same rights -- digital and respect in their lives.
There is no one day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, marines, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will have a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and I hope that that force is light on the school because without that light, the birth of school can continue to live in the shames.
Thank you very much.
And I make a mathematical problem and there's a secret problem for who it does -- we are like the general consumers.
No one knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most humans.
And you get out of the balloon values and the calculation fathers -- that we will see more.
But the dance is a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of stranger and probably certain initial attack that can actually have a genetic component in it.
And then there are all the thing that is not the bad thing as the wrong thing to destroy this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend David Stephen who, in his time, it was a virus they're going to go out of ball.
So in the last few years has been made a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are six million people in the world who are diseases and they have to deal with an incredible defense, brands, and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objects to detect the disease.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the way, and, in fact, the only way we know if there really is a cure to be when we have a goal and close to it.
But it is fruit that for President and some of the other institutions of the movement there are no biological markets, and so they don't look at the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a negative of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinical to do it -- it's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would save a difficult journey to the clinical -- what if patients could be able to be able to do the same.
You don't need a personal needed to.
By the way, it costs about 300 of them in the neurological clinic in neurological.
So what I want to put to you as a conventional way to try to try -- you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtual as my friend January Stephen.
So this is a video of the victoriants of volunteers of volunteers.
It shows someone healthy as you talk about, and we can imagine the sound of a empty dance because we have to fix all of those empty organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need -- the Farmless, for example.
And as the ball, it requires an extraordinary training level.
So let's think of the time that led to a child learn to talk about.
From the sound -- we can bring the position of the volunteers in the world as you see, and as well as Paris affects the extraordinary, it also affects the local organs too.
And in the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the red corners of the volunteers in the vaccines.
We see the same systems?
Voice terrorist, healthy and rich.
The speech becomes more antibiotic and spread after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms here.
How do you compare these experts based on the voice with the clinical trials with specialized clinical trials -- so both of them are not investigation.
Now the negative trial is not investment. They both use the existing infrastructure of it.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
both of them are precisions. Well, but also the extensions based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be an advanced.
They get very quickly about 30 seconds as a lot.
And they are a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something is going to be a short cost -- it goes to massive scale.
So these are some incredible goals to be able to do.
We can reduce the legitimate difficulties of patients.
It would not be able to go to the clinic for the robotic charge.
We could have a high often often we could get goal data.
We could make a mass rate of low cost for clinical trials and for the first time, failures to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start to look for the first biologists of the disease before it is too later.
So by giving me the first step in that sense, we are launched the Viotle Vinch College.
So along with Alzheimer's and Papitors, we want to record a lot of voices all over the world to collect enough data and start to address these goal.
We have local lines for about 75 million people in the world.
Anyway, with a couple of party, it can call up the price and leave for a few cents -- and I'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.             So Manhattan, taking all of these samples -- let's say 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What will you get out of these stores?
Matter Liberalison: Yeah, I know what happens is that during the call you have to tell if you have or not the disease. YR: Of course.
MT: You see, some people can not happen. You may not do it.
But we are going to get a very large show of data in different circumstances -- and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for clean the factors of conflict in looking for the real materials of the disease.
TR: Do you have 80 percent of price at this moment.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Handay, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network also, as well as the project. Now we have a 99 percent.
TR: I noticed and new. Well, it's a better.
MT: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much.
MT: Thank you, Tash.
At the time before 2011, I was making pictures in New York City.
We are pretty grandfather creatures -- thank you.
We just get into the dark, and in fact, they had no window.
We do it even more delivered, the perfect skin is still more perfectly, the perfect skin still we do the impossible.
The 11 percent of 2010, 2011, I saw from my house, just as the rest of the world, the events that are going on in Japan.
A time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there are Vietnames Volumbees, and he was in the place working as part of the answer.
So, together with hundreds of others we knew that we could not be left at home, so I decided to give me a group for three weeks.
At the age of 13 travel to Olog.
This is a small village of fish in the press of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people are affected by it.
And the level of water received over 24 feet and more than three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was delivered.
We took flowers from the cards and the dancers.
We pick up schools -- we take the story, and we leave the ready houses to be recorded and related.
We take tons and tons of dead fish of the dead factory of the local family.
We were excited about it, and we loved us.
For weeks as much as the neighbors as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and cameras and the U.S.
They all did the same thing.
They will get them to them and take them to different places of the people who are around them.
It was not until I realized that those pictures would represent a huge part of the personal loss of the personal loss that these people had changed.
As you get out of the smell, and to save their lives, they had to take absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helped to clean the common batteries the huge batteries, giant birds.
This place turned out to be also the place in the village where the center of the evolution comes from.
And there they took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the pictures of the picture.
This was exciting and inspiration -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horrors, but it was not until I was going to get myself out of myself that something happened.
When you look at the photographs -- I found some of them who were more than a hundred years old -- I couldn't avoid to think of how I was going to be able to figure out how to fix that box and get that paradox and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that is that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and at the morning the next morning, the answer was so open and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to go back the picture.
This was the first one.
I was not too excited about it, but where the water had developed the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of price and delicious.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the stress picture.
With the step of time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more reported so that I went back in Facebook and Linguish and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people you want to join it.
In Japan.
One time we used to use our school in the personal photographs that had been inspired -- where people were going to get their photographs to us.
The time that they were going to do in order is a different story, it depends on of the photograph of the picture.
It could imagine an hour. It could imagine weeks.
It could mean months.
This draw had to draw in the hand by using the hand by using the areas that the areas and detail of the water.
I took a long time.
The water I destroy all of these pictures that are stronger in water water, covered by bacteria -- even with access, all of them together with the step of time with the step of the time of time, and so you can take them in hand was an important part of the project.
We could not take the picture unless I was clean and I had been recorded by his harm.
We were lucky with the hand.
We tell with the gun of a report a reporter.
It's very easy to give the pictures of the pictures already every day.
As a once once said, "Well, the leader of my group is like making a table.
You can't make mistake.
The woman who brought us these pictures out of these pictures to the picture.
I had started to get them up, but he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
I also had delivering.
Without them, the images of his wife and his own face would not have been able to recognize them, we were able to solve the images in one picture and take the whole picture.
When you get their pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a baby station between the far far away from where it used to be his house, but their colleagues were found it.
It was the day of the technology, his husband was the control of close to the short.
He had to go inside the water as the ones they are.
Their little children -- not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different colleagues in them.
One of them was standing in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survive it.
The day I had her pictures his son at the age of 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do -- something that he could go back to looking at -- something that I could remember from the past that it was not going to have been market by that day when everything in his life changed or it was destroy out.
After six months in Japan.
More than 500 vote around the world helped us to give up to 90 hundred hundred hundred hundred of them that are totally restricted and released.
For this time, we don't really spend more than a 1,000 in teams and materials -- most of them in the title for them.
We just take pictures today.
And a picture is a picture of someone or something, a place, a relationships.
They are graduates from our memories and stories -- the last thing we would take to us but the first thing we would go back to it.
And about this is the project, to restore small pieces of humanity.
When a picture like this, it goes back to somebody -- a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also killed a big difference in the life of reductions.
Some of them told them to something bigger -- to give it a little bit bigger -- by using its treatment for something that are not models for perfect skin models for it.
To end me like to read this electronic email -- I sent the day that I went back from Japan after six months.
As I came out, I couldn't help to think about people and stories show in the images.
A particular one, a picture with women of different age to the small girl until the small girl -- I went around a baby.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.
Dr. Dictionary would be inspired and curious with this picture of a battle that comes up with a shoe in a subject of just a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and look at the world not to a million or a billion of them per second.
I give you a new kind of photograph -- the functional -- a new technique that can create videos in a slow camera of light in movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rocks, beyond the vision line -- or look at the inside of the body without using each other.
If I take a free point and I put it up and I go on in a second of a second or be, in several seconds to create a picture of just a picture of just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
And that paradox of photographs -- that battle will travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common battle than a common.
So if we take that battle and this piece of pictures and we spend in this boat, how do you have those pictures inside this battle?
What is the aspect of the light in slow call?
Now, all this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a blood is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later so you can see light in movement.
Congress didn't take this research --  happen.
And we put it up to the burden, and it comes into the boat with a piece of pictures that starts to take it up and that, inside it starts to stop.
And part of the light goes down to the table, and we started to see these organizations.
Many of the pictures finally come to the size and then they explore in several direction.
As you can see, there is a air of air that works in the inside of it.
In that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the resources of the top is looking at the bottom of the boat -- after a number of shores, that the results are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and running battle and we make it remember the same distance and we see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think would you take us to be sitting down to see that film, to look at that film.
One day, a week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very strong film   from a balloon slow in movement.
And what about trying to try to do that?
You can see the waves that are going to get from the table and the wall and the wall of the bottom down.
It's kind of like taking a poem in a state.
It's the way nature painting a picture -- I thought, of a photograph at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international company.
But if you look at a little bit more time, you will realize that, as the light is going to be able to get out of the technology, it goes on. It doesn't do it.
Why? Because the state is manufacture and the light light in their inside and go back to a number of billions of second.
In the future, when this form is in its mobile mobile -- they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and will be able to be able to have a failure without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT, right?
As a photographs -- you know, if we take a picture to the extent excellence, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the most short exponential, so you just go into some light.
We sent that battle -- that picture of pictures -- and we recorded over and over again.
We can take all of that data in the course and make them quite interesting way.
Suppose it can fly out.
Other heroes can become invisible can come back.
And if a new power of a fundamental future would allow him to see after the rocks?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- I'll go into the room, one part is going to be able to get to the door, and from there to the camera.
So where we could go through those multiple light.
It's not science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our formation.
behind the wall there is a man and we're going to build the light in the door.
And then of our article of our article in National Common.
And a small fraction of the pictures will come back to the camera but curiously, in a little bit of different moments as well.
And as we have a camera that works like that, you know, our formal, it has unique skills in it.
It has a very good thing and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the hidden objects but we don't know what it takes to do with what a distance is.
When you project a floor can be able to have a picture that you see on the screen.
But let's take a lot of images like this, tens of images to put them together and try to deal with the multiple light, and with that, can we see the head of the head?
Can we look at it in 3D right?
This is our record.
We have things to explore before you get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars who are going to go around with what's going to go back to the top.
Or we could find survive in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the open window.
Or we could be able to be able to be able to look at the inside of the body by having the body of the body through the restaurants and the same thing for cares.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult -- so this is a asked to the scientists so that they start to think about the formula as a new model of visual to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of it.
So like Dr. Ellis, he got a scientist to turn the science in art -- an art of fragile photographs here.
I realized that all of the giant data that we collect every time it's not just for scientists, but we can can see it.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with slow and code of colors of colors with it.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here is also a fun thing.
If you look at the waves under the size -- these are going away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- I would have loved to see this picture.
The order is that the events are going on in the world sometimes it has been involved in the camera.
You can apply to the subject of space and time, we can run this distribution out.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change the life, and you give you the individual freedom.
With a mobile cell you can photograph a crime against humanity in Six.
With a cell you can tell a message and start a protein in Egypt.
With a mobile cell you can record a song -- it will go up to Stanford and make a famous one.
All of this is possible with a mobile thing.
I am a child of 1995, and I live in the city of Berkel.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
So this is the other one is the other one in astonishing. Imagine if all of these people are coming out to look for a change, they had a mobile cell in the police.
Who are you going to have a cell here?
Let's get it.
Let me get your mobile up, to do it.
Let's get them away from it. A Artish, a Blue, worse.
It's a lot -- almost all of us today have a mobile cell today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how it changed my life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2007, the United States.
This is the direction of data.
So this direction says that every European phone company, each of the Internet of the entire Internet of Europe, has to be able to deal with a broad range of information in the use.
Who is called who who sent an email to who, who sent a children.
Who sent a text to who he sent him in.
And if we use the cell -- where we are.
All of this information is happening for at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or their Internet.
And in all of Europe people went and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the advance in the digital age and we don't want the phone and the Internet, and the Internet.
There were an advance, performance, sheets, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berkeley and they said, "Compassion, I don't want to.
And some of the people said that this would be the U.S.
The Sance was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you deal with all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone to my phone Denmark, which at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, which please send me to the whole information they had about me.
I asked them once again, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't get a common answer -- it was all black, black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to give you a shark demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delica Televice said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end of the end of the end of it.
And they would take it down and they would send me the information that I stopped.
And as I was so much.
So I got this faith on sea with a CO2 in.
And I had this.
Trian and five thousand of them who are making information lines of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge advance. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this advance.
It was a little bit specialized, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public it.
Because I want to show people what the data.
So next to King Olympic and hear Diano City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go up and get away and go back and go down.
You can see every step I have.
And you can see how I go from Frank in the train to College, and what often I call in the train.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a bit of fear.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me a few friends and they call them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between each other to what time they call each other to each other to what time they are.
You can see all this.
You can see the center.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I was talking about who I was going to tell you, who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is taken at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berkeley, in the middle of 1980.
And the San had known who I was going to participate in this proteins -- and, if you have knew who the leaders were -- this never had happened.
You know, every single one of the Brown Mission may never have happened.
And in consequences either.
Because today in the day and companies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them for forever.
But they were going to live in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to fight by the advance.
You have to fight for that.
When they go home to give them your friends that private is a value of the 21st century, and it's not a way.
When you go home -- give it to your represent that only because companies and the stations are able to make some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, it will ask you to his phone company -- what information is taking out of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile mobile cell to remember that they have to fight by the advance in the digital era of it.
Thank you.
Hollywood TEDTagran, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hollywood TEDTagran, what happened?
And I call me March Zarator, and I'm not a strength, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I put my mom to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result, I have a brain, which is why I love all the time.
Look at it.
It's a short military -- I am like a Shark Mill.
And Maria Alexander.
The P. C, is not genetic ...
It is not a content and it can't be controlled.
No one killed my mother of my mother and I didn't put it out because my parents were very fire brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accident.
Now, I'm going to get you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present present in it.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be discussing.
Let's go out of it.
He would be in Christmas Congress, they're in the commercial center -- they drive in the crowd for scale and what do you see.
So 16 places for discussions.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit a little bit distributed.
In addition to them, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and I P.
In there there is a class of the opposite, I would make the hotel method.
I am a pathogen, Muslim -- women, diagnosed and living in New Kenya.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Paris Clevels, in New Kenya.
I always love that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial people.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the cannot can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
So my father was, "You can do it, you can do them satellite."
If my three older sister sister simples, I was clear.
If my three older brothers went to the public school, my parents were left to the school system and make sure that I was also out there, and if we didn't take all the way all the way we were able to get the shoe of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years in his feet and just walking up.
Another technique that I used was to put a dollar in front of me so that it would do it.
And the person who took it into a very strong one.
Yeah. The first day in the sheet of infinite walked was walking like a book that has received a lot of colonies.
By growing up, there were only six robots in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they're still all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not anger.
This was before 11 and that the politicians would be able to be able to use "Money to the Muslims as a field of field.
People who grew up had no problems with my faith with.
It didn't have a lot of it to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the rate.
I told you that I had enough thank you to live three months without eating it, so I'm going to be able to go out of the station is very easy.
And I went back in Brazil.
Yes, in Broadway. It's crazy --  My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy -- so I was sent to the dance school.
I learned how to dance with you, or it is that I can walk out of the cases.
I am from New Kenya, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using the drawings, I too.
And when my friends were going to go through the summer, in the cost of Kenya, I didn't go on.
I was going on my summer in a war of war, because my parents are afraid that if we don't go back to Paul every summer, we will become Mars.
And in the summer, my father often tried to get me to me, so I was trying to keep me, and I was going to give me hot technologies in the back, and I was going to get hot technologies in the back, and I remember that the water took me out of the eyes and I thought, "I work?
But the curious cure was the corn.
I have to say that it's very strong, but before you do it was a state of stage that I couldn't be able to be able to put out of the story.
And now I can hold up in your head.
My parents worked this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the General hospital.
I went to college through the positive disconnecting and I got a fish for the United States.
It was kind of like the standard of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the things about the least smart task at the same thing in my class.
Every time I was doing a scene of the crisis -- my teachers were crossing out.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Banglade very slow in Japan.
It's a piece of a girl with brain.
And I was a girl with brain.
So I started to make the four windows, "The end of it will have a paper.
I have brain paradoxically.
At the end of the end.
Thank God power, I am a freedom."
I don't get the paper.  They gave him to Steve Brown.
I was going to be able to go up to the degree of the theater department, and I was going to be able to be able to get the teeth of the terrorist, as if someone had killed my cat to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I could not do the risk.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risks of risk either.
It was a role for the one that I literally was born and gave it to a acceleration with a brain.
The college was making my life.
Hollywood has a story.
At the way, I went back home, and my first thing was kind of kind of an extra thing in a violation.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a company for "Many friends in a sand.
In change, I was there as a sand, I didn't look at me more than the nuclear -- and it was a evidence for me to do that they were not able to be able to, not white angers, not white and distance.
They only were very perfect people.
But there were a lot of explorations to the rules.
I grew up looking at Wikipedia Golden, Rosetta Barry, and all of these women had a common thing -- they were community.
And so I made it human.
In my first turn took New York to New York to New York to New Kenya, and I will never forget the face of the first camera that I took when she was going on in the fact that I was going on high speed by the surgery of New Kenya.
I was working on the climate of all the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East -- without the center and without it.
Some people say I'm the first motor of the Arab world.
I never like to recognize the first place, but I know that they never heard that little distance that says that women are not fun, and they are very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father -- Den Obama, and I were launched by the Service of the Service of New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media and at the time to remind them to the red directors that assumption and Arab are not let's know.
It was going to be much easier to fight the challenge of the distribution of distance.
My great opportunity came in 2010, in 2010,
I went as I went up to the news of the news of the news by Kali Obama with Kenya.
I went into the way that it was to a blood dance -- I got up to a study and they sat in a wheelchair in a wheelchair.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Hey, you can give me another chair?
She looked at me and he said, "Final, four, three, three.
And we were living.
So I got to get to the scale of the pressure to not go out of the screen during the seat, and when I ended up the interview -- I was played.
At the end I had my opportunity and the disaster -- I knew they didn't go to me.
But not just Mr. Obama came to me, but it was like a whole time for a full time and pick my chair up.
A fun thing that I learned in direct with Kenya.
It's said that children are crossed, but they never got away from me or a bigger girl of it.
All of a sudden, my distance on the Internet became an object of it.
And I look at a line on the line with comments like "What?
"It's barry?
And my favorite phone, "Pay book.
What disease is it?
We really should play for it."
And a substrate suggested even that I would add my distance to my own correct, white, and a paradigm computer.
The distance is as visual as race as well.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't be able to make Berus, then Berum can't make someone in the wheelchair of robots.
The discussions are -- Yeah, computer, man. Let's go.
The distances are the largest minister in the world, and the most represented in the world.
The doctors said not to walk but I'm here in front of you.
However, I had grown up with the media of communication -- I don't think I would be.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of distinction in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe no.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My own journey has taken me to very specific places.
I was going to walk through the red wall.
I got to act on a film with Adam Salan and working with my dance, the incredible David Malaids.
I'm going to get the world in the world.
I went out of the great state of the great state.
And I started "The Boys of Mars, a beautiful organization to give children a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father looked at me in live -- and I destroy this talk to your memory to me.
(Audience in peace.
I call me March Zarato, and if I can.
I would like to tell you a story about a little bit of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village to South Somebody.
This people is near Michael.
And it was supposed to be a small people to poverty and the edge of the institution.
With nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Michael capital the California.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, no future perspective.
He had been living in a car in the city of Michael of Michael.
After maybe a year paralyzed, nothing.
One day it comes up with a guy who offered him to be able to work, after dinner to disappear.
He knows a group of people, who gives a destiny.
It gets a little bit of money so that you buy new one, money to send home to his family.
They present a young one.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Michael, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village with dreams of the great care was the similar terrorism.
So, how do the story of a little people trying to get their dreams in the city in the city ended up with him.
He was waiting on.
I was waiting for an opportunity to start to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that he came to him.
This was the first thing that I did about what we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way that we call the way we call the way we call
And his story is represented in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the states, young urban urban people who are going up in Johnsons, and they were destroyed by streets in London, who look for something beyond the "particular "supply?
For the young people, the big dream of the city is the opportunity of the city is the opportunity of work, but the young people are not going to participate in their cities.
It is often the age that suffer from the highest rate of resistance.
By 2010, three in five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't have any opportunities -- the story of the "particular "them," the door of access to terrorism.
And in my born of biology, Michael 70 percent of the young people is released.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't basically do anything.
I went back to Michael last month, and I went to visit the Muslim hospital.
I remember going to be in the way that I was going up to the background of balloons, and if I would never have heard of it?
And if I had been forced to be in that same "beautiful "feeded?
I would have become terrified?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Michael that month was actually to bring up a few young leaders in a company company.
And I went back to about 90 of them.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Michael, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate university -- straight, frankly, it was the perfect white white white for Al Shark and other terrible organizations to be recorded.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Michael, the biggest thing to get from the point to B are the street.
The years of civil war years of civil war have completely destroy the visual system, and a molecular can be the easier way to move in.
You see an opportunity and the approach.
It started a business company.
It began by mortality to the local resistance that they normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 feet -- with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand to hundreds of monkeys for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What does this different story.
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit -- and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "particular "survey?
You can see the young people in the crisis of the economic opportunities that are looking for so much.
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings, Moore's Monterey, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the top of the company of business and how to be innovation and how to create a culture of the business industry.
In fact, it is the first flowers that Michael has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Moore's came in, if you wanted them to feed for your not to be able to be sent from plastic and send out from the foreign out.
If you asked somebody when I was the last time you see flowers from factors?"
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be "Neah!"
So, March saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and a foreign design.
I created a farm in the outside of Michael, and he started to grow theory and lights, that he said, you could survive the hard climate of Michael.
And he started the flow of flowers for notes, creating grandmothers in home, and the companies in the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Michael in 12 years.
There are no public park in Michael.
It wants to create a space where the families -- young people, you can go together, and like he says, smell the professional experiments.
By the way, he doesn't go right because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Moore's had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
And I would get them to look at her city as a place of opportunity.
And I got them to believe that they could be companies that could be an artist of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They provide business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a business of business spirit is really a great step -- but the young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and organization to put them into the development and put it into the back of their business.
You know the young people with the resources that they need to do with the support that they need to move from the consciousness to creation and create chemicals for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Monterey is not just by selling flowers ...
I think it's selling hope.
His park of the peace -- this is how you call it, when it's created when it's created the way people see their city.
You get up on the streets of the street to help to help up and keep the monkeys for him.
He gave them the opportunity to be able to write from the paradox of the "Pay "Pantasy."
These young companies are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggest is to turn young people in entrepreneurs -- they include and feed their blood innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace that we were an ancestor and "Pay of wait.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years and I went to it with my dad in the March Mars, an area.
It was a beautiful day.
The foreign forest.
The sun would make the leaves as a virtual, and it's not going to be the way that we follow -- we can almost be able to figure out that we were the first human beings in order to put that land.
We got to our field.
It was a comment in a rest with a beautiful cross land when I discovered something horrible to it.
And behind the combination there was a back, of about four square meters with the heart of the pollution of the pollution of all of the political paper bits of alien paper.
And I was all about it -- I was very old and incredibly conflict.
The components that were too local as to get out of what they thought they were going to clean his base?
That question kept with me, and it gets a little bit.
Who clean our base?
No matter how you organize or where you put the out -- who clean our back in Stanford?
Who clean our rate in Richard or in London or in London or in Parked.
So here in New York City -- the Department of Santa clean our back, for 11 tons of spreads and two tons of waste products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that job.
What does it feel like to use and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I travel in the trucks and he walked through their transportations and interview people in the office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot.
I needed to get into more.
So I began to work as a background record.
Now I just didn't just travel in the trucks -- I do it.
And I would operate the mechanical things and strange the sea.
It was a private remarkable and an amazing learning.
They all ask about the smell of it.
It's there, but it's not as exciting as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used quickly.
It turns out to be used to the weight of it.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies would continue to get on the weight of getting on his body tons of the water every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I agree with the Operation of the Latin States, which is one of the record of the world's most dangerous organizations in the country, and I learned the reasons.
You're coming out and coming up in the traffic all day and go away from you.
They just want to happen -- so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And it also is full of dangerous. It's full of dangerous.
I also learned about how much of the experiments.
When you go out of how much and you see a city from the way, you see a city from the way, you can understand that the rate is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming out.
It's also like a form of breath or crossing.
It always must be in movement.
And it is also the whole thing.
It seems to me that the evolution is especially original because I believe that I believe the record of the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective way every day, this starts to get out of their content and their dangerous dangerous people are in very real ways.
diseases that we had control for decades and centuries go back and start to give up.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get away from how old we don't have a space for the new thing for what the economics of the economy begin to figure out when it is in dangerous.
I'm not working on the capital -- it just looks at their relationship to it.
And then it's what I call our average speed at the time.
So I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the short time.
We don't usually worry about it, we are not going to work, we clean or we take us with us our community -- our ball of the manufacturers, our water.
We use them -- you see, we forget about them, because we know there's a force of work on the other side that you can get from it.
So today I want to tell you a couple of ways to think about the record of waste that maybe help reduce the information and get them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost light.
They are on the street every day, in the race.
They use a benefit in many cities.
You know when to wait for them.
And his work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of analog.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves from ourselves from our own states, our flowers, and that flow always must keep a way or another.
One day after the 11 of September 2001, I heard the graph of a record of a record of residents on the street, and I went back to my little son and I went out of the states running up, and there was a man doing its paper of paper as I did all of them all the time.
And I tried to thank you for doing their work that particular day, but I started to get up.
And I looked at me and just supporting it, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And a little bit after that I started to research, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paris, we work together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort for recording the way we there are on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs -- even the very real human cost of work.
The murder responsible, what we think about when we talk about it, they represent three percent of the amount of resistance of the nation of it.
It's a remarkable state.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see someone who work is to clean the rate of you, which is a moment to recognize them.
That is a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life making a part of the environment where architecture was born natural from the conditions and local traditional traditional traditional lives.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
both projects are sitting in emerging countries -- one in Europe and the other in Turkey.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspective.
The first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Europe, Adam Arteria.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design us.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to leave you out."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to get out.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost valuable because they have very big tens in which people can't be able to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the mechanics with crimes in the Internet, so you need a lot of exciting.
In a city where this should not happen because this is a performance climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And in third place, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Europe.
This is a pretty rich place in culture and traditional cultural.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really controlled with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, and they buy things all day to small views.
There is also that idea of using public space to make an extraordinary activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building.
The next challenge was present when the site, which is used in a much growth of a lot of growth in the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicate in a hundred meters of feet.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the rate of the building.
And this goes up with an advanced authority that creates a space to the free air in the building that are pulled up by their own way, the sun and the rain of it.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small business, which changes in each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would answer the local climate conditions.
And I was going to think about a similar tissue to a computer country to allow them to allow the air, and also the light, but in a photographed way.
We then inspired them in these beautiful.
They have properties of the fraudatic gay and it helped me make it to make it motivate.
We're building that with these small pieces that are ready that they leave the air and the light in a way control of the building.
And this is completely completely with these little colors that use the light of the inside of the building in order to light the building at night.
With these ideas it was not easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a commercial center.
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be a lot more responsible than the commercial center because they end up there was more local to sell up.
And also the idea of the spread was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material in compared to the voice, but also because it wasn't a need to have air archives.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to imagine the project.
And the first thing was to think about how to achieve energy authorities for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those legs we think about the ground as a new public space with meeting and neighborhood that would create this urban organism.
And these pieces in the roof, which is in the room, which is a set of water for the inside of the inside of the Internet.
It would be waiting for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the correct floor of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 dollars and services in the city of Turkey.
And to do a big project as big as I designed -- you needed not just to understand the city of Theater, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
And during that analysis I put attention to the media, a 1,000 years of an old old old years of ancient who was surrounded by a wall with a little bit of access of access to a little bit of a straight access of it.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to take the street streets -- by creating 12 initial blocks in size and close to the ones that are in Bank and other cities of Europe with these experiments.
In addition to that, we pick up a number of scientific points in relationship to the idea of the doors that are interested with straight line, and this makes the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell -- the little cell of the project, as the approach, as a essential part of the teacher plan in the protection.
I thought, what would it be the best organization for an area in the mind climate climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a technical difference between both sides of the house and so a natural revolution.
So we set up a school that make sure that most of the parts are perfectly excited about that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these balls with pathogens, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pinks.
And it also respond to the local rules that are making a greater density in the upper levels and a sense of less on the down.
And also the idea of the door.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like going to the community in the construction of the construction in the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the
This is where all the neighbors can come up and sold and solve, and make a lot of such a half miles per morning, or will go from a building to another.
These two examples.
And also, they are in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy in the same rate that grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions but assumption, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl went to our class -- it was so remarkable as you see all the new girls as well.
I had great amounts of blood hair and a little stream of legs, straightforward. It was a strong thing for the states of the states of the states -- very good for the state.
I ended up that year and I was full of ice, until I brought my signal plan on.
One day I was a time after the school. It was a little afternoon, and I was able to put me on the boat of the girls at the time.
When the cost was destroyed, I went into the class room, took out of the table of my teacher the book.
And then, I did.
It took out the calculations of my research, just a little bit -- just some of them.
All of the stuff --  And I was willing to give up the book to the child, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good note as well.
So in a frontier, you run the note around the world, without any imagine.
I put all of them out of the fingers and myself.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got up.
It was that it was all very obvious about it.
I never discovered me.
But about all, I get a reason for the one that I got to me that this child, so small -- it was so good for a good.
And I got to make me interview.
They are so shown and so much.
We know that babies are suffer from ice.
And the primes are also very proposition.
So we know that the numbers are the number one cause in the United States.
And yet, I have never seen a study that comes up with the sound or the long demonstration or the sad.
And so you have to go to the fiction because the novel is like the lab in which they were studying in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exception to say that if there was no ice, it would have either.
Well, there would be no Hello -- there would be no "Look "in "Like."
There would be no hot realm, and the "boat and a night?
There would be no Shark.
They would go out the list of high school, because we would be losing "The Rough and the Rome, there would be no "Gangeround or "All "Donolnet "Dune" -- we would lose "Architecture Bordon and "The "John John.
With no climates, there is no Princess. I know it's a way to say it has the answers for everything, and in the middle of the oceans.
This year is a 100 years of his short show, "When I look for the lost time, the most remarkable study of the sex.
We think about a child trying to get the dream.
So we think of a magnetic birthday in you in the back.
We forget about what that image.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, it is about books that Virgin World said were as hard as a cat trip.
I don't know what the garage is, but we support that it is substantial.
Let's look at why they go together with the novel and the clients, the climbers and Princes.
It's going to be very obvious as the ice, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their principals, are a good solid basement?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone when we think about what happens when we feel ice.
When we feel ice, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It's going to be at the same and an audience, we know exactly what details to include -- in order to make the child, right?
The guys do all of us to all of us do to all of us, and that's something that Progress understood us.
All that she does to give me to give you to be able to put to another one, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to itself that story, and since then, Prone says that each of the things that Steve detect in his love, I add it to its collection of the tools in their private camera.
You have to admit that San and Proverty, they were normally clinics.
You know, the novels of Prover would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The climates are adverse.
This is a huge emotion -- you need to feed it.
And how do you have the children?
The climates of information.
You can use the details that are used in.
You know, you know, the big amounts of brilliant hair and the little strand of lights.
You know the pictures of the picture.
This is why I increase it's so successful --  Program electronics the acceleration of the hotels with the children.
When Steve is in his fight of ice, suddenly I heard behind the door of the door, and it turns out to the networks of his love, then he depends those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is reported, but it's not different to the interest of a ancient text or looking at a monology."
He says, "You know, are scientific research with real interface value.
Protection is trying to show that the ideas are trying to show that the ideas look at us and make us look at us, but in his mind, they are search search search for the truth -- a process of fact -- in fact, to what I'm going to do, the more pain the truth.
The pain -- the logic, the loss -- the loss -- these were them to the proportion of Proversion.
He says, "A woman who we need -- that makes us suffer in us in us a much more profound sense of a much more deep and very profound feeling than a known man that can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for words created?
No, I think it's trying to say that the guys are sent to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way.
Is there any other emotion that makes us get our advertising, our horrible environment and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us how to look at that stranger station?
Free was going to write about this.
One day, Rome was seen by a young man who is connected with the idea that his woman would encounter.
And Frank says there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did like.
Well, she was income -- everybody knew it.
The poor creatures was under without any cause without any cause on.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife without it, not to tell it, investment behavior.
Is it going to be a lot -- or accept is a man with a man with a man with a man.
Francisco says that the man was becoming the substance of the increment of their wife in their wife, their wife.
The novel are very good at this.
The novel describe really well how the guys are making us look at them and not price up.
In fact, the more we are, the more we are, more we are more we turn into the failure.
And because of this reason, I think, the guys are going to make us be violent or illegal and illegal acts of it.
The guys are going to get us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make us
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in the age of 12 years old.
For a year.
She was trying to make the new novel of his extra extra extra except -- I have to tell you that when it or this, you get it out of administration.
Because we are realistic.
So what huge -- even though definition, creativity -- right? Right?
It's kind of a novel.
And as a novel of a Philip Hillisteners.
High High is one of my families.
She is a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
This is the "flood of "Monsters in a Trian and "The Mr. Mr. Richard, books that treat our minds -- and once we are in the sphere -- and once we are in the sphere -- in the record of the ice, the members that I know is what it might be, it can be a period of instantly in an instant.
Let's take to take Tom Rich, their most famous character line.
I was going to go out or want what you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be and get out of what you've ever got -- and it's under the floor -- and it comes up with your name -- it takes your bank, it takes your banking teams.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Rome Roman Richard.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I sometimes want.
This is a literature.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks where the model is the engineering? Right?
Now novels show us the line? I'm not safe for it.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not safe -- when they are in a mission.
We go to Barry Barbarin and we asked by Sharing Hollads.
And when people think about Hollands, you think about the balance to be able to be able to focus on the Medical Professor, that criminal gene generation.
But I've always had the instant in Lester Leader, the head face of Saudi Stephen who needs Homo destroyed, you need the General genome -- but he gets them.
Oh, it sounds so family.
And he needs his help. It needs their help.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and then finally in "The Singapore of the six States Solos, once you come in, I was going to come up with all of his solution with his solution.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there is no person in Scott South who didn't want to talk to your hand.
This is one of the few times that we see today in the story. It seems to me this very employment. That scene is also shocking, right?
It seems to treat the lines as a geometry problem, without exciting.
You know, in one minute Hollads is the opposite side of Lester.
At the next minute you're on the same side.
All of a sudden it allows you to take that idea of being he reading it.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the guys are really an issue of gay -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the other.
We can get away with it.
But I like a condition of continuous.
So as we hope that that happens -- we remember that we have the fiction to get out of it.
It's just the fishing fisheries the oceans.
And it used to be the dominant of the dominance, I invited you to the table.
And look at what you are able to do, the Laby Lester, the same the Sarad Tashian Tomboo, the San Spring -- the same Martin Progress.
We're in great company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
And the 21 percent of Rome Alpha came up out of the middle of the Apple 11 and disappeared on the sea.
ArmIIn and animals were alone.
The Alexander program was the world's biggest model in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon -- NASA spend about 150 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget today.
The Alpha gave about 400 people, and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies and college agency of government.
They died people -- including the edge of the Apple one.
But before the Alexander program, 24 men saw the Moon.
He was walking on his surface, which is what animals after the death.
So why did they do?
They did not brought a lot about the old guiders, 1940s, and something that the 24 percent would focus later, a new sense of the story and the fragile of our common home.
Why did they do? The clinical answer is that they were because the President Kenya wanted to show the sounds, that this nation had better experiments.
But the words of Kenya at the University of Richard in secure.
John Forgeth.
Why would we turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why would I scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would fly about the Alphanistan?
Why do you play Richard against Technologies?
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the guy in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
David Pole: For the contents, the Alpha was not just a video of the West on the cold War in the cold war.
At the time, the most strong emotion was the way that we were going to do with the transportation of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do that.
And the age on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In half of the century, it was embraced by the politicians and it is strengthening in it.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be accepted as accessible supermarket.
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a horse or a boat with it, but in angles -- the top of the Apple 10 dollars to 4,000 miles or hour.
So since 2010, no human being back to the Moon.
No one has travel faster than the Apple 10 -- and the joy operating about the power of technology has gone to see that the technology will solve that technology is going to be able to go to Mars -- create a clean energy.
I remember to look at the Apple 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the clothes in the room that was called a Service Valley.
I knew that this would be the last mission there, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colors in Mars.
So that's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like if the technologies would have designed us and had been encouraged with traditional players -- things like iPhones, apply and social networks.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have gone and engaged our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a little bit of a particular explanation in Silicon Valley who have been created less than a few years of the years in which the years of the years, Michael And Michael and General.
Simple Valley says that the markets are the collapses, in particular, the incentives that the risks of risk are offer to companies.
Simple Valley says that the risks of risk is coming up with the creation of ideas of ideas for the financial problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I explain most of the thing that goes wrong in South Valley Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were on his own strange point without worry about the risk -- they would make small researchers -- it would make small researchers that could come out in 10 years.
CO2 has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as an energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is a long time. They have never been involved in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have an important commercial value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep problems.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA even designed a plan.
But I would go to Mars to take a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world's global consumption of energy comes out of new energy source as the solar and the substance -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic to it.
The carbon and natural gas are more children than solar and electronic, and the oil is a little bit longer than birth.
We want to have an alternative energy that can be able to get in price -- don't exist.
Now, business and economists are agree about what politicians and international treated the development of an alternative energy of an alternative energy -- most of all, a significant increase in research and development development and some kind of control of the cartoon.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in the United States or an international transportation that will be able to do that consequence.
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technology -- it turns out not to be.
We know from a long time that humans are result of the failure in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that humans are political crisis.
The technology can improve things like the corresponds or the systems for the advance and the food of food, but there will be short while there are bad governments as well.
Finally, the big problems sometimes get a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The President Nigeria will give him the war to the cancer of cancer, but I soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, a lot of things in the treatment -- and it's only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and visual treatment to them.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been presented, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem -- institutions have to support the solution -- it should be really from a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Mission mission has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- it was going on with those creature.
But it's a wrong model in the future.
We're not in 1984.
There is no competitive competition like in the cold war, there is no policy like John Kenya who has been doing the difficult and the dangerous thing, and there is not a popular minimate of science science as we explore the solar system.
In general, to go to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And I didn't even have any problem.
We're alone in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to do.
God knows that we don't get the challenges there.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust you, and I'm going to start to start to look at the ideas that are going on about trust us.
They are so common that they have become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there has been a big demonstration of trust -- it's a very nice belief of it.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust us.
And the third one is a task -- we should come out of trust us.
I think that I think, the goal and the task have been wrong with it.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an goal and a task -- that I think it gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think the trust has discussed.
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I get to think that it can have gone in a few activities or institutions and that could have increased each other.
I don't have it clear.
But I can get to the substrates of it, and the substrates of order are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has gone down.
So when you look at the sources of the time, there are no many evidence of it.
That is to say, the people who were doing 20 years ago, most of them and political and political and political and political policements.
And the people who were very conflict about 20 years ago, they still still have a pretty confidence of control, toys, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this good enough.
What you can see is to be able to record are, of course, optimists.
What else can you record?
What you're looking at is the genetic acts that people do when you make some questions.
Do you trust the politics?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you have the restaurants?
You trust the fishermen?
You think of the primary teachers?
I would probably start to ask you to ask it, "Well, to do what?
And that would be a very sensitive answer.
And you could say, when you tell your question, "Well, I trust you, but in other don't.
What it's very rational is.
And in fact, in real life, we tend to figure out the trust in a difference.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a kind of development -- it works or kind of person, it's going to be universal in every case.
I could say, for example, I'm going to say that I trust you in a kind of kind of primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading -- but in no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good thing.
I could trust my friend to keep a conversation.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is difference, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract?
I believe that the ones are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to obvious the very good stream in the fact that they trust something or somebody else.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust to have more confidence of it.
frankly, I think this is a kind of kind of state goal.
This is not the goal that I would do.
I would try to have more trust in what it is meaning of trust -- but not what it is.
And I am a parallel of not to trust what it's not conflict.
And I think that those people who were doing their savings with the very clearly called Mr. Marian, which then goes out with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
You have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
The destroyed subject or negative with intelligence -- that's the right.
Once you tell it, he says, yes, that's worth that it means that what matters in the first place is not trust -- but the conflict.
What it is about doing is to make a journey about how conflict people are in determines like this.
And I think to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? They're responsible?
And if we find that one person is component in the personal materials, and it's responsible and how we are going to have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be design of trust you.
But if you are not responsible -- we could not trust them.
I have friends that are competitive and honor but not to trust them to take a letter to the top, because they are soldiers.
I have friends that are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that they substrate their own competition.
And I got a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destination.
If it is like that, I still haven't been paralyzed.
But that's what we're looking for is what we're looking for before you trust them.
The trust is the answer.
The conflict is what we have to draw.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build the decoration systems for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a particles and said, "Well, you see, you see, the problem is that you take a more time to make an alternative role to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutions -- that the self-sold system system that is destinated to run the conflict and conflict evidence is actually doing the opposite of it.
What they do is that the work of the people who have to make a hard task -- like the parts of the ones that are saying "all the spectrums -- as we say.
I sure you all know a similar examples of you.
All of that, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we try to be a lot of trust and we treat the people that we are conflict and if we try to determine whether other people or political or political people are a lot of confidence.
It's not easy -- it's the signal, the simple actions -- the activists, what you don't do is it.
In third place, the task is.
I'm going to call the task to recognize the trust -- I put things back to it.
And I suggest that you and I should recognize trust you.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can recognize a little bit of the conflict.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to make it better.
But trust -- it is distinctive because you put it other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them the basis enough so they can trust you.
You have to be distance of trust you.
And that, of course, is because you can't put it up, by the general of all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a lot of trust that you have to be distance.
How do you do that?
That makes a day, everywhere.
I'm going to give you a single commercial example.
And the store where I bought my hot sandwiches that I can take them out of explorations without giving up.
I take them and get them into the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That is station. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson at that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part of this is a very good test that you are digital and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end, I think what we're doing is not a very difficult thing to do.
So what people trust is in the relationships -- and in that sea, you can determine when and how the other person is digital of trust you.
Thank you.
From the computer beginning of the computers we've been able to reduce the separate between us and digital information, the separate between our material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be destroyed.
This secret has been running in, increasingly and more and more and more, as it is at less than one me, the voice of the glass of a current screen and the power of computer has become access to everyone.
But I asked me, and if you didn't have been borders?
I started to imagine what it would be.
First of the first created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong force against the screen is going to take your physical body.
The designers can manage their ideas directly in 3D and the surgeon can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So with this tool you break out the relationships.
But the two hands.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using the whole distance of your hands in the hands?
So in the divided science of Michael Science from Michael, together with my Medical Manhattan method, and it was reduced the computer and transform a small space on a digital area of work.
Computer a transition of the deep cameras in order to detect the fingers and the face -- now you can raise the hands of the side, to get in the inside of the 3D space.
Like the window and the architects have a location in real space, you can find it as easy as taking a book out of a stage.
You can take the book and get the books or words with the virtual technology that there is the bottom of the entire screen.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in the hands of the hands.
In these examples of these examples we went in the digital world.
And if we invest the paper and we make digital information come to us?
And I mean, many of us will have bought and strange things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is a virtual problem for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from one device in your head or treated when the system understanding the government of your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of just going to be able to look at them in space, how can we make them be physics so that we can put them together and feel it?
What would a future like that?
In the middle of MIT, with my tune Harry Islam and my colleagues Revolution Pole, we created this only physical park.
So this picture is made as a paradox in 3D space in space, which means that so much the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this small three-dimensional space.
So simulating -- what we did was to put the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic literature.
And when you program the object -- we cut it out of the restaurants of time and space, what it means to say that human movements can make and go back and go back to the physical world.
You can teach them physically physically and the famous thing and the famous take of Michael John can be able to represent as a physical reality the time we wanted to.
students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement -- the physics -- and so in the difference of the monologists or the text books -- this is a real and paper experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activity.
As you see, digital information will not just show us something but to start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounded us without that we have to figure out our world.
We started the talk today talking about a neighborhood -- but if we put that career, the only light that is all our imagine.
Thank you.
And I was trained to make it for two years in Human, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first degree -- the government wanted to get to a school for all of them with all of the pass spend for all of them.
But my mom mother said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
After you survive the cultural revolution -- they created that there was just a short path to happiness -- a safe work and well regulated.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese period.
So this was me, in my page.
And one of the person has to start to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to learn the agressions, so I tried everything that I could to go to the person school.
So far I wrote to the school of school and the present of a radio program.
But in any adult he gave him the idea.
No adult took me.
Just my friends were supposed to me, but they were children, and they were children, like me.
And so at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to train it.
My dream will never be done.
I mean, that during the rest of my life a number of a second class was the only thing that I could hold up.
And this was so intense.
And so it went to look for some other conversation.
No one around me wanted to teach me, Okay.
I remember the books.
(Audience Companies -- "The Chinese Chinese -- "The Hippocampa of the High Hospital came to the United States, and what were the first books that I here?
The ones that were proposing in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese camelite life.
And it is not conventional proportional.
The Bible is interesting, but strange it.
That's a subject for another day.
But the shark for me was a research, save your father and your mother.
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than what?
So it turned into my tool to get out of this piece of correct contractor and to give up the relationship with my parents with me.
And I find it with a new culture also gave me a place to my own composition of complexity.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map was going to me out of place because this is what the students in China will learn to you.
And I had been happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map means the perspective of people.
Competition is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are the research field of research as a shared religion and shared literature.
You will compare and control.
And I thought that if the computer reading was working to research, why not do it as well in everyday life.
And so I started to read books from the two.
You can treat people Kanzanian Frankly, "The Zoom Fallic Camera from David Mandela who were involved in a way or friends with shared experience.
For the Creation, the treatment is economic and spectacular and spectacular.
For the Buddha, they are all of the psychologists, and I fear -- fear and society -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
(Music Cameron "The Chart "Arabia" Charter, Thomas Manhattan Washington Williams instead of looking at the transition -- I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it is through the tradition that I realized that health is literally meaning "glass quick shoulder.
And "I know in Chinese -- literally means new mother."
The books opened me up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present one.
I know I'm not going to feel just about it or important.
You have a dream that is actually not compared to what a lot of other people have been.
I have come to believe that this is not the only purpose of a dream.
His most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from where the passion comes from.
You can do that for you.
And it's thank you to the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and cleaner, most of the time.
So the books will always come to them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my 20, I saw my first psychologist climate.
I was a doctor in a school student in Berkeley.
She was a 25 years called Alexander.
Alexander went into the first signal by using values and a sheet of my office in my office to take the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so clothes.
My kind of class had a person like the first customers as well.
And I was telling me a trial I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't do.
And with the stories that add into the sequences, it made me easy just to move the head as we went out of the solution.
"The transistor are the new stream, he said, "All right, and so I see, she was right.
You start to work after that, you get home, it has children later, until death happens later.
In fact, I was going to come up like Algoric and I had time on it.
But a little bit later, my survival had got me to pay up to Arthur who would talk about his life.
I got it out.
I said, "Well, it's coming up with guys under his city, and it goes up with a head, but it's not like if it was going to go with him.
And then my supermarket said, still no, but maybe it's going on with the next one.
In addition to the best time to work on the Martin marriage is before it comes home.
This is what psychology called a "Mondom moment?
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yeah, people feel his head after what it was used -- but this didn't make the 20 of anyone who were a passion in its development.
And this made the 20 of anyone who had been the perfect moment and we were disappointing it.
And so I realized that this kind of black nutrition was a real problem and had a real problem -- not just for Alexander and his life but for the career, the families and the future and the future of all of them.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population -- or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to the adult without going to be done before for the years.
They raise your hand if they're in his 20 years.
I want to look at them here.
Oh, yes. They're amazing.
So if you work with me -- they love a container, I take a stream, I want to see. It's good. It's good.
This is not just my view, these are the facts of it.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go back at 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and experiences and moments?
People from over 40 -- don't go on a pink.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half of Americans are married -- they live or they're coming out with his future future at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their 20 and it was represented for the adult, which means that if there is something you want to change from themselves, now it's the time to change it.
We know that the person changes more times for their 20 than at any other time in life, and we know that the female happiness comes to his back at the age of 2010, and things become complicated to the age of three.
The 20 are the time to be able to get on their body and their choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the oil in the brain.
It's a moment when his life and common has an impact in the person who will become going to be done.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the ones are listening to.
The newspaper are talking about changes on the line of the advantage.
The researchers call the 20 years old.
You know, the networks took them up to them like "records and "regular and diagnosed.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a traditional thing that actually is the decade that is actually a decade to define it.
Lester Berning said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it right?
What do you think happens when you give him a back in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
And they brought it to that person the sense of urban and their environment, and it's not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you're going to be smart as you or their children and children come to my office and say something like this: "I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that while I start a career before the 30 percent, everything will be good at all.
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 you're going to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I was better than the day I got from the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quote in the 20 were like the chairs of the cells.
They all cut up and they went up, but then at some point around 30 -- you have the music and everybody began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be going on, so sometimes I think I was going to me with my wife because he was the most close chair when I was 30."
Where are you going to get them here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds like a little bit extreme -- but they don't go on, the risks are very high away.
When you leave a lot of things for 30 things, there's a huge pressure to the trial and so many of you start a city, choose a city, to choose a couple or three or three children in a much more short time.
Many of these things are not computer, and there are research that start to show -- which is much more difficult and strange to do everything from once at the time.
The crisis of the media age is not about buying red devices.
It's about realize you can't have the career you want now.
realized you can't have the son who you want to do now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of transistors and places you see itself and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20 days, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?
I want to change what they are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emba.
At the age of 25 came to my office because I was in their own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on the art or the entrage, but you still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a member.
As it was a little bit more, I lived with a novel that I showed you more temperature than environment.
And even though we live a few very difficult life, his life had been even more difficult.
And I was formed by our sessions, but then she would take it up to say, "You don't choose his family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day she came up with his head on their legs and I flow for almost every hour.
And I just bought a new free of disconnect, and he had spent the entire morning to get it with their many contact and then I was looking at the empty space that comes up after the words in the case, please call a ...
I was at the point when I saw me and he said, "Who is going to be to me if I have an authority accident?
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I am a lot of work to try and say, me."
The thing I needed was not a seat that really is concerned about.
She needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alexander as to just sit up as the decade of Emma was going on in front of it.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told myself to Rome three things that all of all, man or woman, to know.
First of all, I told myself to Employ that it would forget about that identity of identity and get a capacity of idea.
And by the identity of identity -- I mean to do something that add value to their person.
To do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emerge, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know this is able to make an identity of identity of idea.
So now it's the time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest that you want to try to.
Now I'm not going to get to you, I'm going to go through the experts that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's processing.
I said to Employ that I would explore work, and I would tell them to tell you.
So second, I said to Employ that the urban three are survived.
The best friends are great to lead to the airplane, but the ones that are put together with friends with similar minds that you know, what you know -- what you know, how you think, how you think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from his most close circle coming out.
The new things come from what is called a few friends of friends of his friends.
Yes, half of them have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half not, and the people who are going to be the way to control this group.
The half of the jobs created never to get up, then, to know the head of your blood is the way to get a job to do a little public work.
It's not going to make it -- it's the science of how information is happening.
And so it's not less important but not less important -- I think you don't choose his family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was going to pick up his family -- when you have a couple and my own family.
I said to Employ that time to choose his family had come in.
You may think that the 30 is better age to sit down the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you take up now when everyone in Facebook start walking into the high is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as sensitive in love as you're in the work.
He has to choose your family must be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to do it will work or kill time with who it is that you get them to you.
So what about Emberent?
Well, we put that director, and she found the couple of the room of a prime thing that was working on a piece of art in another state.
And this bad view helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the next one that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it's sort of specialized events in music.
So this house with a man who picked up.
I love his new career -- love his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, right now the space control spaces aren't big enough.
The story of Rome can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with you.
It's very easy to help them.
And you see them are as likely to go out of the airplane of Los Angeles who come out somewhere in the ground.
Just before it comes from the department, a spectral literature in his transition makes the difference between the difference between language or in Vietnam.
In the same way, to the age of 21 or 25 and at the age of 2010, a good conversation -- a good depression, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations of it.
So here is my idea of decoding all the ones that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned how to tell you.
This is what I now have the privilege to tell you how to tell us how it employees all the day, and the transportations are not the new 20 -- they get their adult, they get a piece of identity -- they use their own weak, they pick your family.
They don't let me define so they didn't know what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're doing their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very exciting work for a job that was even more excited, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to the public students in New York schools.
And just like any teacher -- and it takes text and test.
And I gave you a lot of them.
When the work came back, I called the calculations.
What I called my attention was that the CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance they had no longer profits of CO2 poetry.
Some of my stronger children was not going to get so well.
And I got to think about that.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the degree -- safe -- they're difficult -- propositions, the area of a paralyzed paralyze.
But these concept are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After a number of years, I came to the conference that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CO2 -- but what happens if you're successful in school and in life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn from very fast and easy.
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychological.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenges -- and in every study my question was, who is successful here and Why?
And my research team and I went to the military Institute Minister Point.
So we tried to predict what patients would be in the military training and who would be released.
We went to the National Contemporary and we tried to predict what children would move the most far as possible as possible.
So we studied notes working in a really hard neighborhood working in really hard neighborhood and asking them what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the result of their students?
We are associated with private companies, asking us, which of these seats are going to keep your work of work.
And who is going to win more money more money, right?
In all of those very different context, it comes up with a features like an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It was not the good advance, the physical health and it was not the C.
It was detection.
The determine is passion and stay to get up very much very long time.
The determine is to have responsibility.
The determine is to get to the future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determine is to live life as if it was a marriage, not a career.
A few years ago, I started to study the determine in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my way of determine and then wait around for more than a year to see those who were grateful.
It turns out that the children with more determine they had much more likely more likely to grow them, even when they put them into every features that I could measure -- things like family income -- the results of the station evidence -- even security that felt the children when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Poor or in the National Construction in the whole thing that matters the determine -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of it.
To me, the most important thing about determine is how little we know, the little bit that the science knows about their developing science.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the determine in the children?
What do I have to do to teach the children a solid soldier of work?
How do I keep them moral for the long program?"
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the treatment is not going to do it.
Our data show very clearly that there are a lot of talent individuals that just don't still go ahead with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the determine is not related to it or is even related to the treatment of the treatment as they do.
So far the best idea I've heard about developing the determine in the children is something called growth of growth.
This is an idea that is a developed idea at the University of Saudi Death, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not a look at it, that it can change with the effort of it.
The Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to think of them when they do, because they don't believe that that flow is a permanent condition of it.
So the growth of growth is a great idea in order to develop it.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to fail, to be able to start to start all of new with the lessons learned with it.
In other words, we need to be determine about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
And I grew up in America as the daughter of a climber, one of my most excited memories is my mother showing the beauty -- the shape and the form of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a flow, it seems to be as involved as the Great China.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can bring this murder, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the pieces of each fall in the right.
I learned new cases every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
And a Chinese academic will be able to understand 20 cents old.
You just need a thousand to understand the music.
The first 200 will allow you to be able to understand 40 percent of the basic literature. It was enough to read signals of transition, to understand the basic idea of the website.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open his mouth as much as possible until it is possible until it is.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who will give a country.
person.
If the form of fire is a person in both sides in both sides -- as if I was looking at a fragments -- "Architecture?" I'm going to get up and stand up." This is actually an organic way in the way that they call it, but I like to believe it's the other way. What it works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon is.
The sound of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old.
I call these eight careers.
They are building buildings to believe many more expensive buttons.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's going to get it."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would put their arms up, this person is saying this is a big one.
The person inside the mouth -- the person.
It's a prison -- such as Jesus inside the whales of the whales of it.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
You put it under the tree, we have the children.
You put a mouth on the tree -- that's a "glass?  easy to remember -- because a tree is a lot of idea.
Do you remember first?
Two fire together, it gets very hot ago.
Three feet together, that is a lot of calls there.
You put the fire under the two trees -- that's going to be.
For us, the sun is the source of prototypeach.
Two people together.
Three together, those are streams.
You put the sun and the moon together, that's the brilliant.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out of the horrible.
A door, put it into the door -- it's the book of the door.
You put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
I have somebody at home.
This person is coming out of a door.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, you get care of it is adult.
So we've already spent for almost 30 careers.
When you use this method -- the first eight radical will allow them to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight cents will build another 12 of them.
So with every small effort will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of charities, which is the same thing that you learn an eight years.
So after I met the cartoons, we started to create phrase.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a film of fire -- it's a volume.
We know Japan is the land of the nation of the born.
This is a sun with the organism because Japan is at this one of China.
So a sun together, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
A paper person.
The close on the left are two mountains on the other.
In the old China, that meant to be in the way, because Chinese emissions were going to have their political elements beyond the mountains there.
Today, the except has become coming out.
And a mouth that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and go down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the film that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the name of hear together.
The film is a dimension for months.
His favorite character was Gelland, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a brilliant view and take a magic variation to it.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to look like.
Now we live and create our children in a kind of an industrial complex complex thing.
And yet, this is a state of an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend up.
The trend really took a couple of years later with curiosity, and clearly another film whose prototypes, a metaphor of metal and a piece of metronome would come back to a girl who was set out of the energy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two film, there are a couple of big differences between the Oxford Manhattan and all the movies we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Olympic Man.
The monkeys are quite agriculture, like the managers.
But I believe that if the John Manhattan is done today, the magic would say, Doctor, you are the approach of hear as the product was predicted.
You use magic shoes to put out of the military of the marriage of the short marine.
But that's not what happens.
The one thing about the one thing in the Michael Manhattan is that the most heroic characters and even violences are women.
I started to notice this when I did this when I was able to look at Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son at that time.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had come down in the room and I was stopped in the room and I was involved as a mom for his pathogens, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but it was able to do everything.
And I wonder what it looks like.
Would it be value issues and stop and reached?
Would I have the feeling that Lucy is one to an army to put to the government to the government.
So we share this with the Opera of 1960s.
How do you make the John for your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your film, your
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you get a little bit of limits with all of them and being a list.
It's the kind of world in which I want my children to grow Olympic, right?
Why do there are so much.
There's a lot of light on the impact of male violence movie in the girls and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read as much about how children reaction to this.
I know about the experience that the London project is not going to send me out in the world of the adults that had been serving in the world of adults that is mine.  I think at the time of the very very first thing, I really would expect the creatures to start to go out because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a nice.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on decode and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other artificials.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war of war.
There are a lot of explorations, and it will figure out the professors of Discover before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they -- the kids are not really their target audience.
They do a financial work when you teach girls how to figure out the parallel, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to figure out the parallel.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and loved like Kerushan and Kansas, but don't stop being war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going on in classic after all, every one of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who had a girl who had a child.
Until so many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
And I see it to all of you. It's already available at all.
Do you remember what the critical came out when it came out of Volt?"
I can't believe that Pine has made a movie of a protection.
It's very good. They don't let it demonstrate."
Well, almost no one of these movies go out of Berum Testa.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has still not ever come up and already put it up, but maybe today we start a movement.
Alexander Berkeley is a draw of commercials, and in the middle of the 80 years I had a conversation that had had with a friend of a friend of the movie of the film that they saw here.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done -- in the film, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to get the reputation.
These women talk to each other at some point in the film, at some time.
Their conversation are about something else of the guy that so much like that --   Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
And I've seen it -- and I saw it, and yet very close I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to look at a very good quality of quality -- angry.
Right? Rock Russians -- I success.
You know, it doesn't have the test of Berkeley.
And I don't think I should be because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it -- a lot of the film is going on in an email where men and women get them into the crisis of the guns.
We have a lot of men who have deep and pain.
This is Hollywood here.
So you go in the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular film, how many of them believe that they have female protections?
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've picked up recently for Congress, then it's good.
But there is a greater number that this is going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said, this is what he said.
In the United States, one out of five women says that it has been serious once in his life.
I don't think it is the mass of the massive entrain.
I don't think the movie for children have something to do with that.
And I don't think that the music video videos are streaming back -- but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sex.
Who are those guys -- what are those guys?
What do you not get to learn.
Are you making the story that says that the role of a male brother is to stop the journey with violence and then come up with the record, which is a woman who does not have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we going on that story.
You know, as a father with the privilege of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very stranger statistics and we want to get them to them.
We have tools to our device as a pollution -- and we hope that it will help -- but I have to ask you to be able to be able to be able to protect them -- if at the same time, active or particularly are we helping our children to keep your power model?
I mean, I think the list of Newon is a way to do something really important, and here I mean, mostly to the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of mathematics is changing architecture.
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and assignment.
It's all changing it.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was his favorite character of Stanford Wars know what they came from?
Obama.
Order and Glamorous.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brilliant visit.
I think they are experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential to help us reach their potential to help us reach their potential to help us reach their potential to help them.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want you to be less stories in which I say to my son, you see and more stories where it looks like his work is to join a team -- maybe a team that has been listed by women, to help other people better.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mayan and one of the things that I liked was to look for me to look at the shorts of Mayan because my parents told me that that would be lucky to me.
But you know, it's hard to find these companies.
They are covered from sand and it's hard to see them.
However, I would be used to look for it.
I started to look at ways and patterns that helped me make it to them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and addiction.
And finally when I began to study employment, I realized that I will see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly in Egypt -- my little ball in Mayan had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of logic next to the Nigeria.
And my sea galaxies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look at another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the industry.
So this is a place in the original deliver of Egypt called Berkeley.
And the place, just look at it -- it seems to be sea, but when we use the infrastructure and we process it by using family color -- suddenly the place looks like a brilliant rocket.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape made by the materials of building and the ancient engineers.
I want to share with you how we have used the satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Einstein, lost for thousands of years.
Is the capital capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle impact about 4,000 years ago.
The place in the Facebook, and the place, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this big record of the ancient exercise of the ancient emergency and architecture and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion is.
Electronics have always known that III was used in some place about the two times that they built them up in the two areas that they built in the red circle here, but somewhere inside this huge plant of all of them.
This area is huge -- it is about six for four miles away.
Before I went out to the side of the Earth and as it changed with the time and it changed to the time and he came up with the whole city.
So how do you find a city in a stranger path."
I'm going to try to find it when I was looking at the equivalent to look for a needle in a park, with the eyes who were looking at and using the bomb grounds.
So we use NASA technical data to make a map of the place, with very high change.
And we were able to see where I was able to look at it.
But you can see more clearly -- and it's even more interesting, this area slightly taken into the circle here, we thought it could be the employment of Ebola.
And so we were able to do with economic scientists doing show -- you can see it here.
When I say show you, it is like the shows of shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human choices.
five feet down, under a graph of social, we found a sense of the substance of activity.
This means that in this possible location of Earth, five meters down, we have a color of a number of years of several years of years, exactly the same period that we think it's Islam.
We also find work jobs -- correct, fourth and cat -- what it shows there was a goal of goal.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common legs used in the Middle East, these are the legs that were used to do.
So, we have a deal with a sense of option that gives the Middle impact in this place.
We also have the evidence of a short government that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Earth here, but we will go back to the place in a future near it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to make young men in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discovery in it.
I want to end with my favorite quote in the Middle East, I was probably written in Earth 4,000 years ago.
sharing the knowledge is most of all of the valuable.
There's nothing like that.
So according to it -- TED was not made it was made up in 1980.
It makes the ideas actually have really started in 1960, Chris in a lost lost not for a long time and found out of the high time.
It certainly put the search for a lot in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close the eyes.
Imagine out of the foot outside the door of this home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now you see a group of obstacles in biologists.
They are compared to a correct nurse of biologists, and they go in the direction of its ancestor.
I need you to look at this.
They're strongly, they are striking, they're going to get a lot.
And they collect in front of the door of his home.
There are biologists flying all over parts who go back to the side of the robots that end up in the artificial places that end up in open places.
At the way, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the light light on the Mountain of Gallows.
I have them with the hand.
From his chair -- on a sea hole.
It's a horse to talk about.
You can feel his blue dance to make it stream on the nose at the time.
You can smell the vote of the voice and spend that it's about to get into the mouth here.
They go through one side and go into his living room.
It's already in the room, and making it use of his imagination of his imagination -- imagine Bronx Springs.
It is with a little bit of clothes, based on its center of the center -- singing "The Mille Monterey Miner Mine.
Now let me get you to the kitchen now.
The ground has been used with a yellow short way and from the hospital come to you to you, the man in the Hillism, the Philipper and the Lego of "Oh, "The Manhattan of the Olympic of the hands of the hands of the hands.
Okay. open the eyes.
So I want to tell you about a secret cost that takes it to each other, in New York.
It's called the memory of the United States.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific record, hoping I guess that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
And there were several men and a few ladies of different age and different heads of high.
They were holding hundreds of numbers of numbers and looking at just one time.
They wanted the names of tens and tens of strange tens of them.
They were working together in just minutes.
They would be able to see who I could die with the greater quickly the order of a bank barrier.
And I thought, "This is incredibly?
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
So this is a man called Emerge Colomber who had come from England and it has one of the better memory members in it.
I asked him, "Hey, when did you realize that you were a shoulder?"
Empathy said, "I am not a know.
I actually have a average memory here.
All of you who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have been trained to do these microbes of memory by using a few ancient techniques -- invented 2,000 years ago, the same techniques that I used to think of Christmas to die.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing out of the company, and Emmet, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- even though a little bit excited, he said, "Just you are a American performance.
Do you know British Sameless?"
And I said, what? No, why is that?
Because I would like to teach you to Brazil Spanish how to die the order in a living barrier in a living television -- national television tools.
That would try to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not President Spring, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start with something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up going on most of the year next year not just by trying to make my memory -- but also doing it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be the potential of it.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called E.
And he is a very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem.
Somebody incredibly group, but it was a window that allows us to see until what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is Jim Perus. He was based on the role of Death Holidator in the "mouth "John."
We went back to a afternoon, in the public library of San Laden Charle, and by holding up phones -- it was centralized.
And when you go back, I read a number of treated about the written memory something over 2,000 years ago, in the Archipority and then in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having shared memory -- distance and culture was not just as rare as you can look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory to provide their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but it's also changed.
They have changed cultural and I would say that they have changed it as well.
As we almost don't have to remember it, sometimes it seems like we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people based on this idea of this idea of a trained memory and distributed and culture is this such a sense of memory.
It's actually not that stranger. There is competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London, I was invited to a group of memory.
Do you want to know that it has some brains in some way, which is a lot of different of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more smart than the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive battery battery and the answer was actually not.
And there was a really interesting difference and significant difference between the brains of memory and the control kinds of control with them.
When they put them into a magnitude machine machine.
In effect, they used to be used or they seemed to use a part of the brain that involves space and national memory.
Why? There's something that we can learn from this?
And the back of the complicated memory is going to make it like a care career where every year is a new way to remember a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of the companies should be able to put a day.
So this is my friend Ben Prince, three times a memory of memory.
In his sculpture -- in front of it, there are 35 tons of stational states that he's about to try to die in one hour, using a technique that he invented and that it just did it.
He uses a similar technique to die the order of 44 direction discussions from the electronic biomerous birthday.
It's in a half an hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these competition.
It has been able to be able to get a paradox with the paradox of the Ballasses."
That is his approach.
And then I asked them, remember there is a "balloon "balloon?
And when I go back later, and I ask you to tell them that word I told you about a road?
Do you remember what was it?
The person who was told that his name was told that his name is Bill is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is "buddy?"
The same word, a different ability to remember -- that's true.
What happens here?
Well, the Bank name doesn't really mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Wow. We know passions.
They use clinic shorts who are white short.
They have it in the hands.
They get good when they go home to work.
We probably know a little paradigm.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started to put them together to put them down and find them fast at some right time.
One of the most developed techniques in order to do this data about 2,000 years ago.
It's known as the "mountain of memory."
The story says like this: there was a poem called Simple Singapores that I was going to be a bank.
They had controlled it as a interview, because if you wanted to give a very good thing, it doesn't bring up to a Darwin -- it was going to a poet.
And he got out of the foot -- I got his memory poem and he got up, and so soon it was, and it went out of the battery comes out of it.
killing them all the time.
But I don't just kill them all of all, but the bodies will leave them right.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And a train behind the other.
Story, I was standing out of outside, just in the middle of the fires, and I realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting there.
I took the family families to take them back to where they were their loved beings between the finance.
And what Sixth dollars at that moment is something we all know more or less interacting -- and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or phone numbers or institutions for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and exposure space.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you from Sixths, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would take that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the top horse in his view, they would be able to do it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and putting it out of images with the things that you want to remember to remember -- how much more crazy -- for thank you, financially stands and assistant it is the image -- the most exciting to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first treated memory of memory at the way.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make a memory -- in the same way that he had done it, if they had invited it to TED 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of your home.
And it will be able to give some kind of absolutely broken image and include to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition of it.
And then you can imagine in your house, and see the Monterey of the Gallows moved on Michael Earth.
And that would remember that they want to introduce his friend Ed Okay.
And then you would see President Salanian to remind you that thank you very funny to tell you.
And then they were going to go into the car, and the fourth issue that you would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is like the robots that are measured by the spots, I didn't work for a word, which is going to trust them but typical for typical people.
In fact the term "Archine," comes from the Greek "records: which means "slave."
This is a view of when people thought about the space and in the record with this sort of space terms with this.
The first place, it would be like the first place in his memory paradigm.
I saw this was just fascinating -- and I got out of filled with it.
I went to some of these memory competition and I had the idea of writing a little bit about this construction of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a parallel event is a parallel event at the time.
It is a little bit like looking at a lot of people sitting there, and I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is making the front one.
I'm a period, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in your place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I was going to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an old school state bought in a college market.
And I discovered that this was a really strong stranger.
I would have expected it to be.
It was interviewing, because it was not just to train the memory.
What it is actually about doing is to make it better and more the ability to create and imagine these regular images.
I get a lot with this.
This is me -- using my standard team of training for the memory company.
It's a couple of hormones and a couple of security security games with just leaving two holes -- because the distance is the worst energy of a memory of a memory of memory for me.
I ended up coming back to the same cost that I had covered a year before. He had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of particular prescription experiment.
I thought this could be a good project for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I would give you the concept, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's going to be able to be able to die.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be a need to build the memory of memory or die of blood barriers to benefit with a little bit of purpose about how your mind.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be from a gift -- but it's not the case.
The big memory are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus on.
The metaphor of the memory -- these memory techniques are just bits.
In fact, they are not even kind of true.
They work because they make us work.
They force some kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of you don't get on there.
But the reality is that there is no things.
So this is how things are being done with.
And if there is something that I want to leave you with today, is what ECG, the yellow I could not even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our reminds me.
How much are we willing to lose out of what is our corner of the background or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side -- we will be so choice that we don't even have to do in process of produced?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory skills in all of us.
But if you want to live a memory life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to tell you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic -- so we will take just a complex complex place, New Kenya.
Because 30 years ago, I am out of not.
In the corner of my dominance, I was the boat I shared with my sister with.
And I was going to be in my dominance and the bathroom, there was a ball that would give the room to be.
And there they all spend the mouse looking at the teacher. So every time I was going from my room to the boat -- you all look at me -- and every time I went back to me and I went back to a touch, everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was a point, inspired and I hate it.
And I heard that room, I hate that ball, I hate that room and that home.
That's architecture.
Leader.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about math -- and of those visual connections -- emotional connections -- that we feel in the places that we get in.
And it's not going to strange that we were going to sit in that way, because I agree with the environmental protection of the environmental protect -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time down.
You know, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture will determine in ways that we don't even tell us.
That makes us a little bit of intelligence, and very, very prediction.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I explored to you, you think about power, stranger and democracy."
And I know you think of it like this to based on a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a trick one.
This is a destiny that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our building.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century, to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at them, these stranger soldiers in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful because building things is stability.
It's competition, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the universities and governments and governments are always afraid of innovation.
That's why we found buildings like this.
It's a little building.
This is the public Building of Liberian that ended up in 2004, and you know, it has a collapse, and you know, you have a collapse, it has this red thing -- it has a red thing, which let me go into what Liberian is trying to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biomarker today.
That same year in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up with another biological -- which looks like this.
It's in September.
This biologist shows how we use the media in the digital age.
This is a new kind of public equivalent for the city, a place to get to get to read and share and share and share and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and sharing and
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them -- both of them -- both of them are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning.
On one side is the innovation -- the architects that are constantly taking new technologies -- new technologies, new solutions.
We put together and we put it up so much that we get full of the people.
All of a black -- this is what you do -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on to the other side and go back to them and connect them with those kinds of approaches.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we started to experience the police back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago.
The architects were coming up with the called "reactions?
It has to do with the antibiotic.
That can be guess that.
You see small windows in a sport scale.
Something really hard.
So we're going to go back to the 80 and we started to build those symbols up.
We push the police back in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that they like and we get them.
We add them out and we add them together and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give an advantage.
We take Christmas Christmas and we turn them into the restaurants, which can be a media taken made of video.
And the forms were stressed, they won in a parallel and color of it.
The symptoms became colleagues.
The scientists grew up to the size of building.
A charge.
But they were 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the mouse in commercial centers -- we moved to the neighborhood -- and there in the sums -- we can create our own architecture factors.
And those fantastic.
You may have a sense of paying panels.
This is what happens to the police.
This is what happens to the symbol of them.
They're easy -- they are cheap -- because instead of creating new spaces -- we remember remember of other places.
I know so well, and you know, that this is not the Tabue.
This is Oh Oh.
The architecture. The architecture they feel -- and we started making the police back in the other direction.
In the late 80 and at the beginning of the 90 percent, we started to experience with the decision called detection.
We're going to do the stories -- we now tell with new design techniques -- and we found us with new components -- a few ways that came against other ways.
This is accessible and embracing, and it's supermarkets. You have a whole bunch of excited.
In fact, the whole power of back in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1998, this building.
It's the Bible Garden, from Frank George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bill was one of those moments when critical and public and public and public in general, they were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times Times that microscope of microscope in the microbial.
The tunnels in Bill increase in two percent when they ended the building.
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles Superhero, Shark, New York, Charle, New York, Salan.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars.
But how is it possible that these forms are possible and radio, how is it possible to be able to turn into the world?
And it happened, because the media was strived around them, and quickly we learned that those forms meant culture and tops.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing did the same thing they did the world.
And so they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and the tunnels.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new million country went with some of the other stars.
He went to Chile and Liberia, and what happened to these few of the light architects in the top of the new millimeter, actually started to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
Think of it, for example, how they eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accepted -- you can take a boat -- you can take an airplane -- you can be a tunnel.
The activity technology can be able to see in the newspaper -- and at the end, we are all photographs of architecture and the building is going to be beyond their physical literature.
The architecture is everywhere.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before I know if what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we found buildings like this.
The balance was not a two years, but in 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they get them out.
That is never going to happen. I think we are in the biggest revolution of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the investment, the airport or the sports, and it is the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the police to media media -- it starts to make a faster and faster.
Now we can make them almost installation, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were controlled to hold up this building that went on.
So this is the center of a village called Peters in President Island, in the state of New York.
It's a computer community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was a part of the community -- and as the drugs looked exactly at the entire product -- there was no surprise there.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and I shared it in social media -- the building stopped being just a building, it became a means of communication because these are not just images from a building, are the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell his story, they become part of the personal narrative and that makes it consumer with collective memory and by charge these symbol -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need to say the thank us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture -- because digital media is not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those libraries of Liberian liberations.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet for new biologists.
We would be born with examples of experience of innovation.
That is models.
Modern models that can lead to the landscape of Linus, to people in Liberian -- and tell you that there is no unique answer to what it can be a biomarker today.
We're going to be part of this.
This approach of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those show that they use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a destroyed public that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen to it, and you don't let it get into architecture.
That means that the police power of a station to another, from a movement to another -- it's related.
In fact, we can go down and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture -- and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of school can be only and addressed the measure of a modern city.
And this means that a state in Brazil can be that, a state in Brooklyn, and not a bad story of red transition with the bottom of what it should be a stage.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that the buildings are going to look at the capitalists of nature and not the opposite of it.
So this means that a station of education in Michael Bean, Facebook, can also serve to make a description or for you, or even you can go down there at night.
This means that three architects can be able to stand in the New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little pathology -- as muscle as the animals that are going to look at you.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a vaccine or a robot who built our buildings up.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we build about.
The architects already know how to make more economic buildings -- more smart and more experiments.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
And finally, we are not in the opposite side.
You find an architecture -- connect them and work together to make better buildings better -- better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of in play.
The buildings don't only solve our society, but they make it shape to the smaller spaces -- the local libraries, the local libraries, the home, where we form our children, and the step of the domestic to the sea.
Thank you very much.
This is my supply, Steve.
It just had a year and it already started walking out.
And it does it in that very cool way, the typical of the children in a year -- as if your body was moving too quickly for their legs to do.
It's totally price to be totally picture.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror is to look at the mirror here.
She really love his robot.
It goes up and child, and it gives yourself a big and hall of it.
It's beautiful.
You know, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When do I do this?
How do we suddenly don't like our adventure?
Because we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google: "I'm fair?"
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and live in Denmark.
And as any adolescent, it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be.
This is the night at night.
This is being prepared for next week in school.
It has a bit of fear -- it's a little bit conflict, because even though his mom tells him all the way that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you that it is.
And among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or my friends, you know, you don't know who to believe with.
So it makes a video of her, I published it in YouTube -- and he asked other people to leave a comment -- "I'm a nice one?
Well, until now, it has got more than 13 years old.
Some of these are so delicious, that it doesn't even have to think about them.
So we talk about a healthy and normal advance, which gets these answers in one of the states of their most vulnerable life.
You know, thousands of people are putting videos like this, in his most happy girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the advances today are almost never alone.
They are under being on the line and available all the time -- talking to me, giving me a little bit like "I like "to like "the company, compassionate, sharing -- putting it up, this is never ended up.
We have never been so connected to each other -- in a way that you know, so young as young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his room all the night at all.
There is simply no privilege there.
And the social pressure you go from the hand with that are impossible.
This environment, of being always connected to our children to get up on the number of me in the number of "I like to have and the kinds of business that they go.
There is no diversity between a line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is critical and what is digital diagnosed.
What is the most exciting thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context in a daily context.
And where are you looking for the inspiration of it?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are set out of the news of the news now.
Man models are still giving up our passions.
The technology is now a robotics.
And you think like, "Passion, games, games and substance.
So for those of you who are demonstrated, it means the real pressure.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the substraction stars of the sport, and so on.
But what is the problem with all of this?
Well, we probably want our children to grow healthy and be a good thing.
But in an obsessed culture by the image, we are teaching our children to drive more time and mental effort to their approach, at the price of all other aspects of their identity in its identity of it.
And things like their relationships.
six out of every 10 girls are not going to do something because you think you don't see good enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a control to society and in the field of working development.
3D percent, almost one of every three cents are not interested in the kind of kind of kind of class, and they're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the attention.
One of five percent of five are not going to class at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the season of experts -- if you don't think you see good enough well, especially if you don't think you're going to do it, you're going to get a little bit less at the average of the average of your parks who are not concerned about that.
And this phenomenon has gotten in Finant, the United States and China.
And it gets independent from what they actually weight these young people.
So, so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
And the advance down on his body is building the academic record.
And it's also making health.
And the advances with a little bit less physical activity -- they eat less physical -- they eat less drugs -- they are involved in more health diagnostics than they can take them to a food depression.
They have low advance.
They're more easily influenced by the people who are around them and they're in greater risk of design.
And we think that's all of this for what they take more risks -- like the continuous consumption and the drugs of drugs and drugs, distance surgery, sex relationships to early age, and with no protect and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit and profit
The search of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not.
women who believe that they have a substrate again, independent of if they have or don't have a lot of a lot of approach for it.
The 17 percent of women are not present to a work interview in one day that they don't feel safe with the way you look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could put this, what would that do?
And I'll read this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, you don't just take you very far.
I don't know.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to imagine trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to develop the pressure of the perfect images and build their authors.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of professionals interested in, not to realize -- they make the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follow our children not only to have a positive impact but also a landing impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
So these six aspects are kind of cross-double points for any willing to provide an education in body audience that works.
One education is fundamental -- but to focus on this problem requires every single one of us that are going to take on the way, and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It's driving the current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our circle.
It's not good to tell with the spectrum of our politicians or the size of their fisheries, or the size of the station of the determine or the success.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
And all of us can start doing it by making responsibility for the kind of images and business that we published in our social networks.
We can pick people based on their effort and their actions and not in their approach.
And let me ask you to ask you, "When was the last time you had a mirror?
We have to work together as communities -- as governments and as a companies, to really change our culture, so that our children will grow all of their person, value the individual -- the diversity -- the innovation.
We have to put people who are really killing the difference in a policy.
It's going to make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they think they can see that you are never going to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
To your wife, your wife, at his wife, at the time.
His sister sister?
And your daughter and his daughter.
Do you keep?
Could it just be just the woman who is to two, and what it would mean for her if it was ready from that automobile voice in his inside in his Internet, which is not going to have a long legs -- you know, a little bit later, a more plant -- feeling smaller -- smaller?
What would it mean for her if we hold up this and we would say light to their potential that way.
Right now, the obsessed of our culture with the images is coming to all of us.
But we teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just one part of your identity and that the truth is that we love them who are and so they do, and because of how they make us feel like us.
We include the audience in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the small rate of a year of today, they become a safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
This is the five of the name of 2010, a guy named South News went into a hotel in Manhattan and show the Ranger Kanzania, the leader of the Libert Life Law.
And they were going to join it interview, but it's going to be pressure by some of the other low-states -- in each other company -- they started to plan an attack to about 12 feet from New York City including the signals, synthesizers and the United States.
In order of those plants were made by a FBI information.
And then I was going to go up in the World Trade Center -- you couldn't avoid it.
It would happen to be connected by its participate on that table.
Solar Newono is my father.
And I was born in Patrick, Stanford, in 1980.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Islam that very few -- even most of the Muslim -- they get to meet it.
So for experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in religion in all of religion in all of a human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so absolutely happy to their conversation that you think that you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and I explained to me that in the last few weeks -- he and some friends, had been going to a little bit of the town in Long Israel to practice it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came up with the police police that, without knowing our group -- I was visualized by the FBI here.
When I got to say, my father helped me hold up the robot in the man and explain to me how to take the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last battle I gave up to the little light light on the goal and, for all of all, especially me, all the whole goal in call in calls ...
My side went back to the other and in Arab said "The "record "real?"
From such a father.
And all of all, the team produced a lot of light -- but just a few years later I thought what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause it.
Those people later would be conducted to put a community with 600 pounds of experts in the top of the North America of the World Trade Center by causing a exploration that killed six people and did to another 1,000 people.
I would take those men.
He called them "Arabic: which means time.
When I was 11, I had moved 20 times -- and I had moved 20 times.
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone that was a time that I was going to be a time to push and go to another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the class of the class was a victim of magic.
I had secret my identity to avoid to be white -- but it will be the new one of the class and silly and regulatory, it was enough.
So most of the time it was going on at home reading the books, looking at TV or playing video video games.
So for these reasons I don't develop social skills -- to say it supply -- to grow up down under it, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was left to play the people, with the based of the barrier indications, like his race or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that put to test my way out of thinking -- it was during the professional choice.
In a college program in which I participate in the National National conversation.
My group is focused on the subject of young violence -- as I had been a magnet video almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion for me.
The members of this group came out of a lot of different education.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I discovered that one of the guys who had made friends, was Jewish.
It took a number of days to go to the light this detail and I realized that there was no antibiotics between the two.
I had never had a Japanese friend and frankly, I felt very proud of having been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to believe that the whole life had made me believe that it was insurance.
Another critical moment he came up when I got a summer job in Boston Garden, a park of fun.
I found me with people from all kinds of belief and culture. That experience turned out to be fundamental in the development of my career.
All of life had taught me that exciting was a fish and because of us, all the computers were bad influence me.
And so I had the opportunity to work with some of us to work with the men there, in a story, and I was able to see that several of them were the biggest and less critical things that I had seen in life.
By a little child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of each other -- but it was not easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated to be treated to be.
So for that feeling I was able to put to you that I was able to tell me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be shared but I know what it is to be played for something beyond my control.
Then came the David Shake."
All night at night I was going to be incredibly honest to me, and I would help me see that the race of people, religion or sexual organization, don't have anything to do with it.
In many ways, he became my parallel form at a moment when I was desperately having it.
In oxygen, the inspiration can come out of it -- and that a Jewish Jewish had had a better influence in my life than my own father -- it was not in the value.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that you can see in my heart for always while it's alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been suffering enough with donor disappointing and said, "I'm going to do that."
At that time I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate on your inside of it.
My real name is not Zana Edison.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a possible risk of it?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to lead to violence -- you can hear my story and understand that there's a better way and understand that there is a better way to me, and I was driving up to this violent and intelligence information, I didn't get to make me work.
In the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism.
I do it for the victims of fear and their being wasted by the terrible pain and the loss of the thermostaters that the fear has produced in their lives.
And by the victims of the tools.
With this simple thing to me here as a test that violence is not interesting to any religion or race.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment there's a film that is project in their mind.
It is an amazing multiple movie of it.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a framework, I was going on and text.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your hunger.
It has emotions and happy and happiness.
It has remember, as moments of your childhood who are project to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film is you who I experience all of it in right.
This film is your flow of consciousness -- the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have a movie in your own. You and you.
There is nothing we know more directly about.
At least I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no close that you are aware of.
The consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mystery phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal film, why do we have these internal film, why do we have these internal movies in.
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without to experience the inner film intervention?
At this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I suggest that to invest consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible to be impossible for consciousness science.
The science, by nature, is objective in nature.
The consciousness -- by nature, it's subtle.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I had that vision.
The psychology was studying the behavior of the observation, the neuroscience studied the brain, but no one made the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
So, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurons like Frank Crisis and physics like Robert Peter said, right now is the time for science to be absolutely consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explanation of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limit until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search of corresponds, correspondents between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
So we saw some of this guy in the fantastic.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at face or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of brain work is to tell some questions that we want you to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain and what they continue.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It was not to go to the neurosciences.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't take the real central show of this material -- why all physical process in the brain has to be accepted by consciousness?
Why is there a sub-Saharan street film.
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to news.
It is going to become a other emerging phenomenon like the entirely, like the sharks, like life, and we're going to find explanation to you.
The typical cars are all cases of emerging behavior -- how do they work, how they work, how they work -- how they replace, and they mount in the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the goal work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the works of the human brain as a employees -- how do we say, how do we talk about, how are we play again, all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why it is that all behavior is accepted from a subject experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the exercise -- the standard standard of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works -- for a long time, I was hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in a few physical terms that would work.
But at the end of the end I got to the conference that it didn't work for synthetic reasons.
I think we are going to go on this point.
We have a wonderful explanation of wonderful explanation -- we were used to this -- the physics explain chemistry -- the chemistry explain biology -- biology explain part of the psychology here.
But consciousness does not seem to fit in this school.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know how we do it.
And with a language like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning will look like a little bit, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Denmark, which is here today, has one.
His idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
All of the idea of the high school film in an interest in a kind of control or conflict.
And actually, what you have to do is to explain the objective function of the brain, and this is how it was study all you need to do.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness is based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other people, that vision is pretty close to just getting it to just getting to the observation of consciousness.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be protection.
The first idea is that consciousness.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental training, the space and the mass and the mass of it.
They put fundamental laws that government, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanical law.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explain in terms of anything else.
At the opposite -- they consider fundamental -- and that's where the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing goes up.
In the 19th century, Manhattan found that you can't explain the electronic phenomenon in terms of fundamental concept in terms of fundamental concepts -- space.
And I think that's the situation that we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space.
The most natural thing would be to popular the consciousness as a thing, a fundamental transition of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly is not the object of science.
It opened up the way to make it a lot of the way.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, the time, the mass -- the mass process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a room.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a stress.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal it.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called malaria, "Pay for all of all, "Paradox for mind, every system is aware -- not just the humans -- not just humans -- the rooms, the muscles, even the microbes of Robert King, the elements of Roman King.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anyone when you think "Oh, I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never go away and smell the robots."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the pictures can have some kind of correct sense of subject, subtle, some of a primitive principles of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do you think something so cheap?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- is natural to support that it can also be universal as the others.
It's also worth to notice that even though the idea looks like. It's much less for the people of different culture, where the human mind looks more like a nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful laws of finding fundamental laws that relationship to the physical process, is looking at consciousness with information.
There is always a process of information, there is consciousness.
It process of complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
In some simple information, simple.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscience -- Giant Titan, took this kind of theory and the development of the development with mathematical method with it.
It has a mathematical measure of the information, which is called a daughter, which is the degree of information in a system.
And he was supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information, a high degree of ice, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information of information, just a lot of significant, degree of quite important.
But when you get to the gentlemen, microbes -- particles -- the degree of child said.
The level of information interview is less -- but it's not zero either.
In the Toyle theory -- there will still be a level of a different consciousness level.
In fact a fundamental law is a fundamental law of childhood, highly degree of consciousness.
In addition to another reason is that the dance can help us into consciousness to the physical world.
The physics and philosophers of often have looked at the physics of the physics is constructing the physics.
I described the reality of reality by using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about reality that comes below it.
So as Steve Africa, where is the fire of the entire entire entire?
From the physical view of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physics do basically -- they describe the flow of consciousness.
And according to this vision -- the consciousness is the one that I put in love in economists.
In that vision -- consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of advance.
It's there in the center.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision -- it has the potential to make our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and sort of pretty serious times.
Some of them can be light.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be able to be.
If you're a paradigm and you accept that vision to be a lot of hunger.
I think I think about it -- this tend to transform your visit while it matters in terms of rich and moral consequences -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness but its importance and their complexity and its complexity of it.
It's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems, like computers like computer.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
Is it conscious?
And according to the view of particular information, she has a process of complicated information, so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, you have a pretty serious kind of series about the degree of smart computer systems.
Finally, you can ask for the full collective collective consciousness of the planet.
Do you have your own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, a commercial level, like the audience in a TED talk -- at this moment we have a TED, a TED movie for this whole group of TED, different movie of the internal movie of each of the parts of each other.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least this is a question that has to be serious of.
So this particular view is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I actually am more sure of the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is a universal thing.
And the view of a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how are those people of thinking about the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right way to a theory of serious consciousness.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and photograph.
We can't wait to solve it out of the night in the morning.
But I think we finally will go to discover it.
understanding consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal pollution, a very normal power of education.
I went to school, I went together with my friends, I was asking me with my sister sisters with me.
It was all very normal about it.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to tell me for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice -- but there is an evolutionary problem.
She has actually not done anything --  And they were right.
I went to school -- I had good note after school, I had a stranger under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "Arab the Service Samarth and "Dangerous Creek."
Yes, I know it. What is that control.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a deal if we take the distance out of the economy.
years later, I was in the second part of teaching in a high school in Melindo, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes in the class 11 a guy who had his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your desire?
And I said, "What do you describe?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
When the people in governments are talking about inspired things in school?
He said, "Well, in the room of actions.
And it was then when I realized -- this kid had had experience with people with people who are inspiring as an inspiration of inspiration objects as well.
And we don't are. And it is not the chair of the male -- it is, that's true for many of us.
For us, the people with distance are not our teachers or our doctors or our brains.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and probably you are waiting for you to be inspired to them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to give you strangers.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relationship to distance.
Yes, you have been sold by the mind that distinction is a bad thing to do, Maria, March.
It's a bad thing and live with a distance makes you excitement.
It's not a bad thing and it's not a bad thing.
And in the last few years, we've been able to be able to get even more this way through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only distance in life is a bad attack.
Or this one, its excuse is invented.
Or this one, before you are an internal?
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the girl with no hands draw with a substance for the mouth of it.
You may have seen a child who is running out of carbon flowers of carbon film.
And there is a lot of these images that are what we call the right inspiration of it.
And I use the term point delivered, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set up the distances in benefit of the people who are disabled.
And the purpose of these images is to inspire them, to make it, so that we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you're that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been very strange to tell me that they believe that I am a value or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public police.
It was as if I was going to be happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name --  And so this is going to be.
These images, those images are going to do with the people in benefit of the people who are distinctive.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not that bad for you, or to put their concern in perspective.
And life as a distance is actually a hard thing.
We put some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relationship to our bodies.
I use the term "The term "The term "The Term "feeded because I was supposed to call the social model of distance, which tells us that we are more discussing because of the society that we live than we live than our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very happy with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of their ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of it.
They are simply using their bodies getting the best of their ability to do.
So it's really fair to make it in the way we do that, when we share those images.
When people say, "You are a source of inspired, it says it as a completely short.
And I know why happens.
It's going to look at it, because they have sold us this mind that distance makes us.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what they're thinking.
So I'm here looking at the inspiration -- and you think of God, "Communal God, are you not sometimes inspired by something inspired by it."
And actually, I know that I are.
And I learned from other people in a moment.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a great idea to pick up the things that come out of me --   I learn the standard income of how to bring the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair of the chair of the chair of the chair of the chair of the chair of the chair of the chair of the
great.
We learn from the force and resistance of the others, not against our bodies and our dynamics -- but against a world that comes up and used us.
I really think that that would have been sold that you have been sold about distance is the biggest infection.
It makes us hard life.
And that time, the only distance in life is a bad action, the reason that that is to look at it because it's not true -- because of the social model.
A lot of sandwiches to a state of scales has never done it in a ratio.
Never --   September to a television screen will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a free and running a positive piece to turn all of those books to the big.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to actually live in a world where the distance is not the exception, but the normal.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years, sitting in his dominance by looking at "The College Charter -- you don't think of anything to be in a chair in a chair to be in a chair to be in a chair in a chair here.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experts of people who are happy to get away from the bed and remember our names over the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genome of the people with distance, and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little surprise that their new teacher is a working use of wheels.
The distance doesn't make us, but to question what you believe to know about it as it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the reality and the professional flow with employment?
And what is the average speed of a collaborator without care?
Unfortunately, today just respond to one of those questions, so please don't get down.
When people think about reality -- you think about "Minister Republic: and in Tom Crossed by giving the hands in the air, but the reality is actually not science science.
The reality is actually something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know -- because the reality is actually going to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones to us.
So how do we get to reality research?
The first step is what I have to do is, the Google Gallow Galas.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glamours are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what it is to be a professional statement.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to figure it out.
I have to use words.
I have to create a sea that you will fill with your imagination with you.
We can use the Google Glass, under a hot and know what it is to run through the game field to 150 miles -- the blood is going to put the ears out.
We can know that it feels like a man in 100 pounds put us, trying to get them out with all their own be.
I have been there and I make sure that it is not nice at all.
I have a few videos to show you what is to use the Google Glamours under the hot, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the practice of the President private, because the idea of the EDI technology is an executive coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kubbin: Come on.
It is horrible to be taken up.
It's a little bit of a time.
Presently press?
Come on.
Chris Kubbin: As you can see, it's a problem that is going to be parallel in the front field of the partnership.
You may have realized that lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of the University of the University of Washington,
In fact, Rays 41? Darwinists.
Blue eight -- blue 8.
Chris Kubbin: This is a little bit more to the feeling of being in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being on the TED.
You want that experience.
The factors want to be in the field -- it will be your favorite players -- and they have asked me in YouTube and Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field.
Or of a corner?
We want to experience it."
Once we have that experience with government and Google Glass, how do we get out of filled with it, how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Richard Robert, which is probably a lot of you know.
The Roman October has been described as the most practical reality is never created -- and it's not going to be border.
And I'm going to teach you why.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing -- No.
Oh, my God.
WK: That's the experience of a man in a man who was in a guy who was in a roof in a roof of his life.
What will be the experience of a dance when we gave a video of Adamonio Pole on the line. They put the line out of the arm with the arm before you run and make an advance? What will be the experience of a dance work.
When it can be Muslim running through the blood -- launched the battle at the bottom of the network? Or will I be doing a state in Walls?
What will be his experience when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles as a optimized story?
Maybe you increase the spot for adults for all.
But this is not really really up.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we get the reality, Richard?
So we will take the reality out of the rise when the commercials, and the operations and the waves see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams to improve our team.
How do we use it to make participants?
Because they always use technology to win up.
They like to win -- give them money.
So here is a grandmother on the technology in the TV.
In Antarctica -- the parts of Bangladesh put a museum to his field of field so that I play faster.
They won the Super Book that year.
Other team decided to them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the NASA pulls up in the hotels of the field markets and then in the defenses.
They had more specific because it was faster because it was faster than that.
In 2011, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game in front of you, in a plastic version that take it together. You will not have to worry about it to forget a play.
Or to measure the strategy of it.
They just go out to the field and they get it.
And the countries want it because if you don't get their institutions. They lose it, and they hate them to lose participants.
And if you lose you are going to get you as a course.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is actually not just a manufacturer of strategies better.
The reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every single corner of the state having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors and advances, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your games.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad people will have an information.
This is a difference to the good equipment of the bad teams of the bad.
So your computer team is going to be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nervous.
It will also be for democratic. Who would have seen it?
So what would it be in the field in the field.
Imagine that they're the field.
You get the battle and returns.
So you look at an open record -- a sudden, a flow on the left part of your view is going to go up that a definition behind you is going to be able to address.
You go into the protect area.
Another thing you have to do is that there's an open revolution.
And you take the balance -- but they were given you.
And the ball lose the transition.
You don't know where to land up, yet the goal sees in his visit a short area that is clean and can be able to make the career.
It takes it up, and it comes up with the dance and anger.
And the audience gets out and families have followed the play from each everything.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the back.
I'll make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
And they want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite players out.
The reality is going to be a part of the department because it's too remarkable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of reality.
Are we going to use it just as you go and remember, as our heart entrain?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the reality of the increase in order to deal with human beings, to show someone what it is, literally being in the other person.
We know what this technology is going to be done for the democratic literature.
It generate billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a lot of how many of them are their actions from the perspective of violence?
So how much is this technology for a gay for a gay or Russia, trying to show the world how you live to be a look?
How much is the worth also for an America or a Debra Denmark trying to inspire a generation of children so that you think more in space and science instead of transistor and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars and Kars
Sams and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they depend up, like us.
Thank you.
And I was recently born after 23 years of service in the Philippin of California.
Most of those 23 years, I was going to give them the end of the south of the Martin Congress, which includes the name Google Galaxy.
The bridge is an indigation structure known by their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the Pacific ocean, and its inspired architecture of it.
Unfortunately, it is also an image for wisdom to be one of the most used places in the world.
The Google Google bridge was open in 1989.
Joshua Street, engineering body engineering of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is pretty much at the time.
The wisdom of the bridge is not a practice or present or problem."
But from its opening -- over 1,000 people have gone to their death from that bridge from that bridge from it.
Some of you believe that to travel between the two.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to make sure to make light.
After a four to five seconds to five to five seconds -- the body comes against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact break out the bones -- some of which would be a video organs in which it would make a video organs with.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that not, they don't usually take up in the independent water, and then they get them.
I don't think that the ones that are going to tell this method of suggest you realize the death of the death that they are in.
This is the camera.
And except around the two rivers, there are 32 tons of the parking dance to the bridge there.
This is where most people have to take the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge -- and at the same time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to one of your life.
I want to tell you that we had successful that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form training on.
We were looking at the way through the way through these calls ...
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to tell the supermarket, but the office as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, you can see and psychologists are train to the new operations.
This is David Garf.
I met it at 24 of John last year when you get a call out of a possible.
And I said, and when I came in, I looked at David talking to a Google Operation of the Garden Galaxy.
Japan was only 32 years and had flying up here from New Kenya.
In fact, I had flying up to here two times before I was from New Kenya.
After a hour of a hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Package box.
And by looking at the graphic method -- Zumbow created Pacific, and I sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "Hey, never open that box."
Well, one day, the cure was more than Paul, and she opened the box.
And so she came out of planets, like, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope?"
And it went out on the statements, and it goes on to the right, and it went out.
This kind of blood and smart Kenya was just taking the life.
I talked to the parents of David that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be doing very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how I was.
Japanese parents had asked it.
And the social waves are affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions -- what do you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved it was surgery.
What would you do?
Do you know what to say, what would you say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I will hear to understand it.
You don't discuss, or you say to the person who you know how it feels like you probably don't know it.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence that they need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "You know, they have thought about taking your life -- you've had these thoughts?
It will trust the person in front of it can save life and be the point of information for them.
Other signs to look for it, hope to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better -- implant, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, the recent social implication, and a lost of interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days, and I got an email of a lady and I would like to read you her letter and read her letter and read her card up.
She lost his son at the age of 95 of this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days, and it is with his allow and being able to get them out of it.
Hello.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a note of it.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell his friends, etc.
I'm still pretty sensitive -- but I'm going to notice more moments of giving me a really good time to tell me to be home.
Michael was driving from Paul to San Francisco to see the 49 with her father at the age of instruments.
It never got there.
And I called the police of Pentagon, and he represents it as a disappeared that night.
On the next morning, two office came to my house, and I was given that the car car was down on the bridge in the bridge at the next morning.
And I had seen it from the bridge in the bridge at the time at the time of the last day.
Thank you very much for fight for those who can be a lot too bad to fight for themselves.
Who has not been wrong without a real mental disease.
It should not be so easy to go with it.
My organizations are with your fight for you.
You know, the GPS bridge is supposed to be a step through our beautiful bank, not a construction.
Good lucky this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the way that his son took that day, and also the value to get away from it.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of Mars.
And I took my method on the state and I looked at this man and looked at this man.
When I looked at me, I came up with the barrier of it, and he stopped in that little room that goes around the ground.
Over the time and a half ago, I heard like Kenya talked about his depression and hope on it.
Kenya decided to tell that day to go back on that car and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, the happiness.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What did you go back and give him the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I heard me.
I let me talk to you and just listen to me.
As a little bit after that income, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to get them to you.
"I wanted September Brown, nothing will bring the events of the 11 percent -- and you're one of the reasons why Kenya is still with us.
And I just believe that Kenya was called by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been directly medication.
And I went to Kenya when I was only six months, completely intricate from all of these relationships -- but thank God, we now know.
Kenya.
We give God for God for you.
And I was going to do with you, National Barbarine."
And at the end of the end of it, "Percent when I looked at the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you would make it like the patient.
"I know I had to solve?
Now, Kenya is a heart father and member of society.
He talks open on the events of that day and his depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
The wisdom is not just something I've found me in work.
It's person.
My grandfather was supposed to see it.
That act -- even though I ended up in their own pain -- I will get the opportunity to know it.
So this is what the suicide does.
For most of the other people, or those of you who are going to consider the wisdom -- they didn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain to get up.
In the general thing, this is just just about three ways -- sleep or the drugs or death.
In my career -- I have come up with and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls out of suggest around the bridge of the bridge around me.
And of those institutions that I've been directly involved in that I have just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
And during that time, I got my hand in three oxygen.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Listen, I feel it, but I have to go.
And I went out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible up.
I want to tell you, yet the big majority of the people that we get to control on that bridge don't make care of it.
In addition to those few of you who have come out of the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who are going to get out of side and they realized that they had made a mistake.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected by San Francisco but also the people.
That connection -- or bridge that we do, is something that all of us and each of us have to be able to do to do.
The wisdom can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question is married, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had ever made the dream that had ever had from a girl in the way.
My outside finally had my inner truth with my inside me.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to go back later, when I look at this picture I think, you know, George George, I get it out.
But the hidden past, I discovered that, I am starting to be starting with.
We all get out of our families, our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberals, to get out of the limits for the color of the skin or the belief of those who are around us.
They are people who always challenge the status -- what you think about it.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- a lot of my friends, my friends, even ignore my story.
I think that this income is called the reverse.
This is the me.
And I was recorded as a "boom to born because of the adverse of my general generalists.
I remember that my five years in the Filmban, in my home, I was always going to put this subject in your head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to take that subject in your head?
I said, "Man, it's my hair -- I'm a girl.
I knew how to get up.
gender has always been considered an incompassion -- but now we know that, in fact, is something more complex and mystery now.
Because of my success, I never got to share my story, not because I would think that it will be what I'm bad, but because of how the world is about us who want to relief.
Every day I thank you to be a woman.
I have mom and a family and a family who will tell me as I are.
Many of them are not so lucky today.
There is a long tradition in the Asia.
There is a biomaterial day.
There is a high daughter, dancing diagram.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a photo in the Filmban who would celebrate these mission.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something was going to me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It is the direct of a transition of the transition of transportation.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in beauty concert?
He said to me that if I was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out of ball, and they won in a bathroom -- and I was going to be a third of the
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was within the world of beauty records.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from the beauty of beauty -- but I know I can.
I also met the diagram of the depressed, especially when we travel to the Filed profits of Philas.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2010, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they went out of the green card that I could go to the U.S.
I got it out.
I said to my mother, "Man: I'm going to make me visit.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a biology of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the general identity of genetically?
It was all you needed to listen to.
My mom suggests I put two one and my name.
And so she also showed me when I was going on in Tanzania at 10 years.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities that are the most rural surgery.
At the time in the United States, it was a need to be able to make surgery before we change the name and gender it.
So in 2010, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at it in the contract of the German name with the German name and the Foundation of female gender gentleman.
It was a big moment.
So for some people, your dimension of identity means power or power to be able to drive or get a stress, but for me it was the food to live -- to feel a sense to do it.
As soon as my fear became mining.
I felt I could tell my dream and move to New York and be model.
Many of them are not so lucky today.
And I think about this woman William Nigeria.
A young woman in New York who was worth his truth -- but that, recorded, put their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our wisdom rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20 of us are going to make a global view for the Committee Discovery of the Traditional.
I'm in this stage thank you to a long story of people who fight and put out of foot in the field.
These are Mars P. John and Steven Virginia.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the broken.
I can't follow my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help other people live to live their truth without submersible, no fear anymore.
I'm here, I'm going to show you, so that some day no longer there is no more visual than 20 of Norwelevist.
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
George Roman: Of course, you see, first of my genesis, thank you.
I'm going to my network of support -- my parents especially to my family, which is very strong to me.
I remember all the times that I've been able to have young women that I've been able to have young women -- which I was called and they told me that his parents couldn't be able to accept it, I took the phone. I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Look, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked -- it's not just gender identity -- that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all give us a gender to the born -- and what I try to do is to put on the table, the subject that some of the times that some times that analysis is not like, and that there should be a space that allows people to get up, and this is a conversation.
The transportation movement is getting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curious and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you will be my charges.
KA: Thank you.
In a lot of public societies and transitions, the parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who know about her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaria started his field by education. And when they made their rights in 2010, and when you get their effort in 2010, when the National National President was doing very famous -- it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter.
Sams and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the history of women is the story of the infection, of relativity, of violence.
You see, in the political societies -- right from the beginning, when I was born a child, his born is not celebrate to it.
It's not going to be, not for his father -- not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes up with the mother of the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother is opened up a lot to have a child.
When you give light to the first child, the first daughter, it gets up.
When you give light to the second daughter -- it continues, and with the hope of a son, when I was able to get his third daughter -- it feels like a criminal children.
Not only the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter was born when it grows up, when it grows as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it gets on home and the school.
At the age of 12 years, somehow has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move on the streets as a marine.
But when I go into the adversity, when I was about 13 years old, you have to go out of his house without a male accept.
It's connected to the four walls of his home.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the honor called the honor of his father and his family and his family, and if you get the code of that honor -- it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this story code code -- it doesn't only affect the life of a guy also affect the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother is that this brother has been able to do with his life and the happiness.
And there is a little bit more of the political societies that is called the organization.
It's supposed to be a good girl that has to be a very smart and very substantial and very supermarket.
It is the crime.
The model of a good girl must be called.
This is supposed to be simplified and you accept the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the ancient, even if you don't want to.
If the house with a man who doesn't like it or if the house with a old man, it has to take it up, because it doesn't want to be a strength of death.
If you have a very young home, it has to get it.
From the opposite of it, they will call it destroying.
And what happens at the end of the end.
And in the words of a police, they love it, and then give light to more children and daughters.
And the situation of the situation is that this mother, it includes the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this short circle is going on and continue to.
You want brothers and brother, when I was born Malai, and for the first time, I don't like the record -- to be honor -- to be honor -- but when I was there and looked at his eyes, I was like, I was very honored.
And a lot before I was born -- I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legal list of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Matthrena, and I called my daughter so for it.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men, and I was going to get my poll, and I took a line of my name and I wrote a little bit and I wrote to me.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old.
You may ask, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school.
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the poor societies in the traditional societies -- it's a great event for the life.
In a school it means the recognize of their identity and his name.
So a school to school means that it has come in in the world of dreams and the assistances where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers -- and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks before, when I was going to be the computer computer computer, and I was in the relative part of the family -- I couldn't remember the activists of some of my sisters of me.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my brothers written in any document at all.
That was the reason that value to my daughter.
What my father could not give my sister or his daughter, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter.
And I was trying to sit with me when my friends came to me.
And I was going to go to a lot of different meeting with me.
And all of these values -- I've tried to try it in their personal people.
And this was not just for it, just for Malai.
I've been involved by all of these good values in my school to girls and kids for the same.
I use the education for it.
I taught my daughters -- I taught the students to forget the lesson of education.
I taught the students to forget the lesson of the scary called stream.
They wanted brothers and sisters -- we were fighting for more rights for women, and we fight to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon to us.
It was read for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called a cardiovatic.
That means a whole bunch of the participate of women in all of the women in all of the women in all of the political activity.
hundreds of schools came out.
The girls were going to go to school.
The women were forced to use and they stopped going to the market.
The music was silently, the blood girls and the sandwiches are self-described.
They suffer from millions of it, but a few talked about, and it was terrified to have those people who kill and notice when you talk about their rights right.
It's really stability.
At the age of 10 years old.
He wrote a day for the Block Blue, she was offered her for the documents of the New York Times and he talked to every platform that he can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was used as a call around the world.
And that was the reason why I was not able to put their campaign and the nine percent of October in 2010, and he gave him up in your head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
And while my daughter was describing between life and death -- it will be able to hear my wife to my wife -- "I have to get my wife to my daughter, your daughter day."
And I just said, please. You don't know.
You have the cause right now.
You put your life in play in the cause of truth -- by the cause of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you give you.
They were both on the right path and God protected it.
These few words means a lot to me, and I didn't ask it again.
When Mala was in the hospital and I had a few and a half feet of her head -- because his favorite nervous was controlled -- I used to see a dark name that goes through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never came away.
And I used to tell you, "I'm good with my satisfaction and with the increase in my face.
I'm going to give you good. Please don't care about it.
It was a cost for us, and we get it.
You want brothers and sisters -- we've learned from it how to go back in the most difficult moments -- and I'm going to share with you to share with you that even though you have an ocean for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 years old.
It was cross when he didn't get his task out.
And it was fight with his brother, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is a special thing in my subject that has made so far to Malayaga so hot and explored and employee?"
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Let me tell you what I didn't do.
I don't cut their ancestors and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion to me.
I'm an engineering engineering one.
And I really want to tell you that I have given me to the Mountain March, where I've had a diversity to my charge -- which is the video of Google X-ray -- but all the work that I'm going to talk about here about the science of the brain, I did it before I get to Google or outside my work there.
You have said this, there is a excuse when you get to a brain.
Are you going to be just as smart or right?
If you won't be like that, you can be smart?
And after the neurologist, I would have a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the blood matter -- but it was the delivery part of the center that creates important and neurons in it.
And I immediately had to figure out how much amount to take -- from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and children of chemical and try to get them, to keep with life.
More than one time I have saved it for me.
But finally, I have a little bit of experiments, so I decided that I decided to try to try to try to try and get the dominants because there really doesn't have a clear map that says it in the deliver.
I started to test with a different military, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the waves were changed by my automobile, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking about my behavior with each other.
A particularly important case for a few months -- I tried documents and chemical chemical chemicals for a man who was going on, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always open, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some of them were sitting there.
It turned out as an extreme one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be an argument.
In fact, I was trying to be trying -- a problem that I had in the front -- and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't do it.
I changed my dogs.
But I think that experience gave me a new thing about men and about what you have to go up, since then I got better with men.
What I tried to do is make those honest and neurons and so on, it was to get my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking.
It takes almost always in images -- and that became my point of relationship record, how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas -- if you want to try new ideas and raise situation.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Films like Human, Desirs and men look at things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who make this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how your mind works. For me is simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after a number of years, I managed to find the right point and I have a lot of very big mental magic images, really, very sophisticated and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly the mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a little bit of a question was able to use their imagination only to bring the world to the world that has the way?
Or if a music could go to the music of your head.
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only hard to get this is simply going to increase the solve of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience.
And both of them used My both used MIT technology -- to represent the brain -- to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain fish done by George Gandhi and his colleagues of Harvard Christos.
The control on the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain in the same individual as I imagine, looking at that same picture.
The control on the right was created by the content of the central control of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
And this is all over in many different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is in the lab of Japan Gallery in Berrhan, California.
They were able to turn brain waves in a record visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, I showed people a few hundred hours of YouTube videos as they were sent into their brains to create a great job of the brain of the brain in the video.
And then I showed you a film with new images with new people, new people, new animals, and as it was the way that we were able to be able to record a new school.
The computer is using just the brain information of the fish to show what it seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us beautiful.
We're good to do that.
We just need to improve the robot.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image -- you believe in the brain the same map.
This was taken up with the market systems with the most available brain systems today, and their relationship is increase like a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solve about a thousand times more to get a deeper look at a deeper look at it.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the crisis and you will be able to give up.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are putting up new technical techniques for images -- even me. Let's talk to the recent result of MIT, first we have to ask the next thing -- this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get the only more solve is with the bigger ideas, but at this point, even the most big ones only offer small jobs in the robot.
I put this idea, instead of the bigger images, let's make better institutions.
We can create a lot more complex structures with a little bit more different than making a supply.
And why do we care about it?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in I was to make a really big important, right?
However, most of the recent levels of recent solutions and brilliant solutions in complexity and definition, in the transportations and recording of radio North radio in MIT systems.
At a time, instead of a magnificent magnetic field.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the radio frustration process -- we can increase a massive way that you can put in a single scale.
In addition to it, we can then divide our knowledge in the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
And when we use the MRI we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood blood -- but the hormones and neurons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to solve our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly by thinking about thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be surrounding to use it as a tool to provide our skills of thinking and communication.
And certainly this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more choices to open up this door.
In all ways, they pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the broken, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay grandmother.
And I think we all have a huge paradox.
And its artist perhaps to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is embarrassed, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation why you're going through in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can deal with, the experience.
It's afraid of, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the San Street Calcure, and I was going to be there, and I was there, I had to take a number of factors of the intervention of the intensity of the military of the military of the military of the military of the military of the Steven Diano -- to close the letters of the Denness I gave a letter.
And it will be performed that by the molecule of my particular screen and to have taken your head out of my head -- I would ask a little bit of a small child, "Hey, are you guy or girl?
And it would be a simplicity on the table.
I would have a little bit more, and I was going to take my coffee with a regulatory stop.
The father showed up the newspaper and the mother would take a cold look at his child.
But I was not going to say anything.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight up.
And that's a terrible feeling of it.
So I promise that next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family, but this time I was prepared and I was just going to go in and I was going to go into the female issues at the table --  I had the quote in Berum Durance.
The Germany Stephen Stephenone.
Even a picture of the "malaria "Managers that I would show you.
And so I'm going to go down and go down to the love and I went back to my spoken and my back to the spend of the four years with a really rich speech, looking at what it is not a challenge for a female hot, just a girl with a question: Are you guy or girl?
And so I'm going to go back again, I was going to go back to me again, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is kind of conflict.
I have the corner of a girl, and I see a child, but I am a girl, and I am a girl, and you know, as you like to use a red speech, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
Well, I am more from the kind of a child child?
And that girl looked at me, and I looked at attention -- and he said, "My favorite piece is flying and has a fish.
Can you give me a pain, for a pain?
And that was all the whole thing. Just OK. You're a girl.
What about the path that I picked."
It was the very easy conversation of all of you ever had ever ever had.
And Why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of them and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in a few of us in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a hot.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how one is being living in a head.
This is how my husband is not different than you or the you.
Now, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I will go out of my husband was more difficult than coming out of the you, but this is the issue -- the thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me what to explain to someone who have been able to tell you on a role is more difficult than saying it's been an industry?
Who can tell me that this story that I know is more difficult than to say to your son of five years that you're going to do about it?
There's not something more difficult -- there is only the hard thing.
We have to stop what it's hard to be hard to what it is hard to do for the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our weapons and we need to just feel energy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make it feel security or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made of their walls -- it's not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
So I had a hot color, a visit and a high hot spot.
It was not the military legislation to fight up with any four children that would go into the coffee here.
I was taken by the fear of the fear in a corner of my dark range I was going to put my own gay garden, and it will move only a muscle is the most exciting thing you ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my entire life trying to tell them, and now the world was going to go back to purpose now.
I was running the pages from a guy that we all have kept for so long -- but if you don't take that grandmother, you will kill you.
And one of my most memory colleagues was in the bottle of my sister sister.
It was the first time that many of the people who were invited to know that it was gay -- and when I do my own home ladies in my black spot in my black and, I walk around the table and I finally came to one where my parents were my parents, people who met me years old.
And after I talk to you a moment, one of the grade women, I went to National Land."
And the battle of the gay relationship had started there.
"Hey, I ever was in the Camp?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's family."
"Hey, you know my station analytically.
It's very good and never talked about having "morning?"
"Here, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program and Thank you.
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite."
And then a woman, and then a woman, but I hope to show you his support -- to get me to know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my wife uses regions restance."
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the statements of the statement.
It could have been easy to say where they felt left.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were forming them.
And what else can you ask someone to ask somebody but to do with us?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody -- you have to be prepared for how far you get in.
This is how the difficult conversation is still my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm going to get better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the girls of the Panciers.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to go out of anyone is essentially the same thing.
Number one, you will be authentic.
You see the harmony. They are you.
That little girl in the coffee had had no way, but I was ready for the battle for the back.
If you want someone to be general, the others have to know that we also suffer as well.
Number two, it's going to be direct -- you just keep it. You can just tell it.
If you know that they are gay to give it it.
If they say to their parents that maybe could be gay -- they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
And then I got a little bit discussing for that.
And some of you can come out of some of you can go out of what they have done, but they never get away by what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel destroyed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find in a dark dark put on a short, you have to know we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone.
Thank you, Boy.
International, what is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- a production example has been the famous quote of Edison that the question of if a machine can think of it is as interesting as the question of if a sub-Saharan can notice."
When you have the Phanals wrote this -- he did this as a critical to the pictures of the computer like Al Alexander Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical minds of intelligence.
Let's take a step out.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a crazy race -- that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the power of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescope and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
And of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from a crazy race that doesn't know about it, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, they would look at a physical theory that would explain how to explain how to a certain time in time, the acts that will give you the surface of a wrong planet stop doing it.
And so I suggest that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through a number of discussions, which would be, I think, to a only construction of intelligence.
And for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the developing state of universal states that will draw the diversity of the future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to address the skills of robots to manage the future freedom of action with the end of the way that we have to do this.
And so, taking all of these different issues and put them together from a few years ago, there is a several years ago, there is an amazing mechanism for the intelligence that we could go out of all these different things?
Is there just an issue for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and a hook for the intelligence that I have ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is an advance that intelligence is a force -- Four, that acts with the end of making the future freedom of action.
I act to manage the future freedom of action.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to stay attacked.
The intelligence tried to manage the future freedom of action and keep the open choices.
And so I had this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How practice is it?
Does the level of human intelligence.
Do you predict artificial intelligence international?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple.
Narrator: recent research research has suggest that the universe that produce more dense or internally, during their life should have more favorite conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that happens if that technology is between the energy and intelligence.
What happens if smart behavior is not only running into the long-term production -- but it actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called the States, designed to manage the production of energy in any system in any system that you find in.
Sure, stranger could spend multiple of an animal intelligence -- playing games of humans, and even to make money by making an actions and all of them without that had been done to do that.
Here are some examples of States in action.
And just like a human human human -- here we see the University of the automatically making an audience using a card.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to the Internet a goal there.
It just decided for her mind to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotic and technology.
This use of tools is going to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture of agriculture to do.
In addition to the same as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to put out of a corner at the same time to release the food, here we see that University can make a version of the model of that task here.
This capacity capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other field.
International is actually applied to a variety of domination.
So for example, here we see it very well by playing a playing game against itself -- using their potential for play.
So here we see the Strange orchestration in a social network where the friends are going on in a social network where the friends are constantly connected.
This same capacity of network also has applications in the care of health, in energy and intelligence.
So here we see the European roots of an edge of a boats -- discovered with success and using the Paul of Paul to look at the world in the world from the Archive to the Pacific.
And in the same way, interview is actually applied to the problems in the authority of authority, light and treat them.
And finally, here we see the States supply to find out and employ a business strategy -- sending in a series of a sense of actions, so I would probably increase the actions under their exciting generation.
This kind of risk rate of risk is going to have a lot of applications in financial and safe.
Alexander Williams, what you have seen is that a variety of construction of smart human human behavior as the use of tools like the use of tools will walk together and social conclusion -- all of them are going to have a single equation, which leads to a system to manage their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep street.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the use of the robot -- the "World "Archine?" There was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a curious rock.
The machines would get against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the current relationship to the investment.
It is not that the machines are become smart and then they are trying to be able to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the implication of taking the control of all the future is a more fundamental principles than the intelligence.
Another important consequences is the search search search for it.
I often ask me, how is it that you can look for objects from this kind of market?
My equivalent to the depression to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tried to manage the future freedom of action and avoid the researchers in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of influence in human history, something between the stars and lose the planet we call the planet."
Even though in the last few years, we've had a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets running around other stars, which is what the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kenya.
The data came out by Kenya.
And so it helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the planet planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their own.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about whether these planets we find are statement or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this fear of developing world, our own planet is getting under the weight of humanity.
The year year was the most called recording record.
George and sea ice that have been with us for thousands of thousands of years ago.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no antibiotic.
But I study the ability of the planet influence in the stars with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for foreign opportunities in the immune sector in the immune.
Now, as someone very interested in the universe in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for planets similar to Earth.
Every one of these new worlds invited a compassion between the planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our night, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit far away from the sun -- it can consider a powerful world to show this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been strength in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The College is going to make their surface for the organisms of life as well as we know it.
So the satellite data that the original mission -- like the Mountain mission -- they take from the sea atmosphere -- and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to.
The private companies now offer not just a little bit of spaces of space, but also the ability to live in Mars.
But even though all these marketing images remind us of our planet, the places that are constructed in our planet, the places that are connected in our imagination with the ideas and pills, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expression of the free areas of our planet who still have to grow out, really, really extreme places with Mars.
Even in the most dry places and more elephants of the Earth is a frame of oxygen and oxygen reported by our tribes to thousands of miles away.
I was worried that this excited thing that this excited thing is that this situation of Mars.
For a lot that I like to do with the intentional exploration -- I am in deep demonstration with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the name of the Titanic is going to tell us that the fact that I really will have place later in the strangers standard.   Thank you.
But the goal for the international explore and the pressure is not running out.
No, they are actually faces of the same model, the goal of understanding and to understand and improve life in the future.
The extreme environment is in our world they look like extraction seasons.
You just find more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep the speaker spaces -- in the hospitals and hospitals of the land -- maybe we can make the need to prevent our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the paradox of Feynman.
A lot of years ago, the European physics was asked -- having to realize that our universe has been done for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of life for now.
Well, where are they there?
Well, a possible solution at the paradox of Feynman is that when civilization will become the technical enough to consider to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the original of the planets that would put this development out.
And it is addiction to think that it's just the point to be able to be able to save ourselves from ourselves, but the plastic pressure and plants can work together.
So if we really believe in our ability to be able to be in our ability to take the stories of Mars for the human presence -- then we should be able to be able to be able to be able to put the ability even easier to prevent the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front pollen looking at my police, I realized that I didn't have the clothes.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all the other door and window.
I thought to call a card, at least I had my cell -- but at the minimum, a card could take a lot of time to come in, and I did cold it.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Kenya to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was going to go out of my passion and my balloon.
It would be expensive -- but I sure not more expensive than a card to a half night, so I thought, even though I think of the circumstances, I was going to go right out.
I'm a professional neuron and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
And I read the corner of the heart rate that increase the heart rate -- it makes the levels of open and new thinking.
And when I got to the factory of manufacturing in the airplane, I realized that I didn't have my passion out.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without giving up.
And I began to ask me, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in your place, who come up with bad things.
Or at least if you have bad things that are a bad thing that is the chance that it is a total card.
So I was going to think about that, but until one month later, my thought didn't happen.
I was aware with my colleagues David Kanza, and a little bit stranger of the Nigerian Prince, and a little bit stranger I talked to the window -- and that I found my passion, and David shared with me that I had been paying something called present present.
This is something that he had learned from the Paliformal Kalli, who had written about this a few years before, known as the principle.
All of you know what it is.
Every time there is a destitut, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
And in the principle, as David, you look forward and trying to figure out all the things that could go wrong, and I try to figure out what you can do to avoid that things will happen or to figure out the day.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a principle.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so event.
I'm going to start with the obvious one.
In the house, you will get a place for the things that look easily up.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that is supposed to support on how our space works.
There's a structure in the brain, which has evolved over thousands of years, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the importance of the important things where the fish are, which is the fruit trees -- which is the front trees -- where they live the friend of friends and enemies.
The high school is the part of the brain that was going on in the streets of London.
This is the part of the brain that allows the ones to find their own.
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment -- they cut the sensitive sense of the heads and still could find their own.
They didn't use sociology, but the high mechanism, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car.
So at home you get a place for them to take a place for the leaders, a lot of the door -- maybe a decision platform.
So for his passion, a particular box.
For its reading games, a particular massive.
If you go into a place and they are fundamental with it that their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the journess?
Take a picture with a picture of his creative card card cards, and it will be able to be able to run it down to themselves so they are in the cloud of it.
If these things look like or rolled, this can be able to do with it.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when it's under stress -- the corner liberation of it.
The car is typical and intellectual to thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in your site here.
And there are perhaps no more interesting situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of a being wanted to help us with a decision to help you.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medicine.
But this is a pressure like a proportion for all of medical decisions -- and in fact for the takes of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you have to benefit from the fact that you have to be done from the fact that we have to be done by the fact that we have a
So we guess you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and color is a little high.
All of you know that high school is associated with a greater risk of career disease, attack to the heart.
So you are thinking that having a high school is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colleagues, a state?
And maybe you have heard of the stations, and it knows that it's one of the most exciting drugs in the world today.
So you think of the study of the state?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that has to be able to ask that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the drug companies even less.
It's for NASA -- the number need to treat it.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery.
And you should think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't give me something if not to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it is not the moment of the doctor -- and if it is the collapse of somebody -- it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood a very good thing.
But the University of Million that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most application station, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person to help a person.
300 percent.
This is in the research of the civil researchers and Palestinian Harry and Pale Harry," confident by Beijing by Berlin.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I avoid a single heart of the heart of the heart or a little bit of a living event or a little bit of a living event or a little bit of a living event, or a little bit of a living event or a little bit of a living event, or a little bit of a living event
Now maybe you think about it, "Well, one chance in 300 percent of us will go down to my colleagues now.
Why don't I do, doctor?
But then you have to be able to be asked by one more statistics -- and it is, "I love the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug -- the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include things like terrible things, detail pain and artificial pain pain, but now you think about it, but now you think about five percent is not very likely to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
You remember that they don't think of some of them who don't think of.
So you think about how you can do this with the time, so you don't have to make the field of the reason in the act of this.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him -- five percent of the 300 people have side effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times as much as more likely to go out of the drug that I would help you the drugs.
I don't say they should be or not take the station.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor here.
The medical girl requires it, is part of the beginning of information.
We have the right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air in the air, but actually this number need to treat is pretty typical today.
So for the surgery that the more you do in the older men in the top of the pressure for cancer, the number need to try and try to treat it is 40 of them.
So it is, 45 surgery.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
They include the impact or employees -- employees and entrepreneurship -- recording record, faith income.
And if it is lucky and it's one of that 50 percent of that 50 percent of the effects just for a year or two.
So the idea of the principle is to think before the questions that you can ask that you can be able to be able to put the conversation into it.
You don't have to make all of this to make all of this in action.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, they want a more short life of pain or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that you talk about and think about now, with his family and their being wanted to.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but at least one is trained in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain freedom under stress -- and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
You know, the face of the face with a discussion, you don't need the digital system, or the light system, because if the body is spending the metal in those things, it doesn't make a reality -- they could get to be the lunch.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the natural thinking -- like David Kanzi and their colleagues have shown it.
So we have to be able to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all definitions.
We are all going to be able to figure out a time when we are going to be able to figure out a time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those factors -- to put the systems in the place that will help you to be able to ask the day, or to avoid that bad things will happen in the first place.
And born at the night of nine in Montana, when I came back from my journey -- my control.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of letters that I have not organized, and lots of reefs that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a funny process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Pray, Pine, paint is my favorite music.
It means to touch it.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a piece of paralyze, you need to play more supermarket.
Two penis, even more substance.
Four penis, extremely substance.
This is my draw of a treatment of a graph, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of peaks can have never come to a whole whole whole thing.
That's my definition of simplicity, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the American system, and then in a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1980s -- and with the step of time -- it looks like local signs -- and we developed the language today that we know today like Asia.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born standing. And I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like if I live in a foreign country, following their rules.
So how do you get the sound out there.
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are kind of like my adventures and they distribute the sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people answer.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't bring the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise to eat the bomb of the pollen paper?
He said, "You don't go on, and when you're eating up, it would not take the covered in the planet."
All of this is called sound "not "not sound.
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I am substantial of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound -- which is going to be to come to us.
From there, this drawing is.
TED to decide to.
TEDx to continue to.
This is going to be announced.
You can see that it does not have nothing on the line.
That is because the lines already get sound through the solar boards and shoes.
In the correct culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Pay at the room.
A typical penguin has five line.
However, to me, to do it with my bull so it doesn't feel natural to me.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berkeley, Germany, for an artistic responsibility there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting of it.
And during this summer -- and during this summer and a lot of different galaxies, and as I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has come into my art.
Is it going to do more of the art.
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it wasn't only through the ears of it.
I can feel it in the way, or you can experience it really, or even as an idea.
So I decided to get the sound of sound and put it into my artistic practice in me.
And everything I had taught me about the sound and I decided to leave it and figure it out.
I started to create a new work.
And when I introduce it to the artistic community, I was meant by the amount of support and attention that I received it.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power -- the control -- social people.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an age, and it was a little bit of one person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could get it to me and my artistic work, or I could get it out.
I chose that I would push me.
There's a massive culture on the talent language.
And only because I don't use my light voice to communicate to the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and to become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions -- I work with many different experiments.
And his voice becomes my voice and identify it.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value.
Iranician, when I asked your voices to be able to keep their voices -- I'm able to keep a value of value.
If I didn't continue with this practice -- I feel that I could get it in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artistic means in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similar of the music and the Alexander.
For example, a musical note can't be able to capture and express it in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Asia.
The two are very space and highly moving what it means is that they can affect the whole meaning as much of the signals as the sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the piano so that they understand the better how I works.
So, imagine a piano for it.
This is going to be divided in a lot of very big great graphics here.
If you get a different sea for every fingers as you touch the piano -- as it comes up with the piano -- the spinal movement of the body, the speed of your hand and so on the way, as you touch the piano -- English is a clean language -- as if it would take only one text at the time.
However, the CO2 is more like a hits, you need the 10 fingers to express a clear concept or an idea of Asia.
If you just change the spread, it would create a completely different meaning of it.
And the same thing happens with the music in the mission of the topic, twin and volunteer.
And I used to use these different thank parallels, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal signal on it."
This is the single single single stuff in it."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, they got me.
The right one.
What are you looking like?
Oh, the standard."
So I got to think about it, and if I look at the theater through the music.
If I had to create a sign and I would replace it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Don, the sun comes out and you put it.
This is all the day.
If I would be able to reduce the speed and reduce the speed of it, you see it as a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all the night from the entire night.
"The entire night.
This is all night, in this drawing here.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "Now, "All right, "Oh, "A night --  -- the entire night ...
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time you express the time in CEO and how the distance to body can express the changes in time.
So for example, one home. It's a hand. It's a hand. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is made a long time.
Then, "A sheet of the end, and the last one, which is my favorite idea, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, there was once at the time.
"I am a common term is a musical term with a specific rate of four times a few times per time.
However, when I look at the word "In "It's a common thing I think automatically at the same time.
You see, look right up right hands -- MIT, left hand.
We have the test through your head and the fight.
(Audience: MoM, I want you to fly the Chinese Command -- MIT, I am going to teach you a way of your hand called "a falling slide.
Can you do it with me?
All of them with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the fight, something like a common time or "The same time.
Yeah, very well.
That means "Well in the international system.
The international system, as a note -- is a visual tool to help communicate in all culture and the signs of signs around the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "speech at the room.
Now, this one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "colleagues" at the room.
We're going to do the three together.
"Well, "I stop "college," "speed and "stopped."
Good work.
Look at how the three signs are very similar -- they all happen in your head and the fight -- but they're going to make it very different.
It's incredible to see how the CEO is living and pressure, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very automatic world.
And only because the U.N. doesn't have sounds -- automatically has no social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is to allow the social value and allow it to develop their own value.
And this could be a step to make a better society.
And perhaps people will understand that you don't have to be able to learn Chamar.
This is a rich rich and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to invite you to open up your ears open up the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can get in love with us.
Thank you.
Demand Kanzania, Hacky, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can take it all, but then you have to call it.
The freedom he means responsibility to.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble or a business bubble -- I have to say, because the adults are getting us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get a lot of me to get out of the adults as well.
The time -- I am now an adult and I teach city and invention in the Harvard school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the top of them with lots of background.
And so as a good citizens -- we clean the business, and no, it's not having an altitude, and if it is, I didn't know.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contains plastic today.
It's kind of a substance.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boats and networks -- to collect those plastic pieces in order to study them under the microbes and we pick them up and we collect this information in a map.
But it takes a employee and it's very expensive and it's also very expensive to use those huge brains.
So together with my students, with six to 15 years, we are going to invent a better way.
We have transformed our tiny piece in Hong Kong in a state.
We began to build this work of work with high parallel for the children to be able to be able to participate it.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who send the electric tools are really great and safe together.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plastic here.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fraud.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them in something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of getting plastic pieces of plastic -- we just collect information.
By the use of a robot -- we took a picture of this plastic -- the children get a lot with the robot.
And then we create quickly what we call a prototype of this."
We are so fast in the creation of proteins that we ended up before we get in.
And we're going to transform lights and website in access and we set it into a fundamental robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image called the robot.
We see the plastic pieces of plastic through the sense while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of every particles to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We gave this invented step in a website in a website called "The Honor with the hope that someone is even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and I think, are trying to fix it.
And I can research my local problem but my students in Hong Kong are very well information.
You see the news -- they take the Internet, and they went out with this picture.
A child -- maybe 10 years old, using a oil of oil -- only using the hands -- in Supers, the largest management of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- is the water in which they go out, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is sea and the oil and oil is also the color and when it all mixtures, it's very difficult to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first project of a supply that can be able to get through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help us identify what's in the water.
We have this protein with a sense and we sent it to Bangladesh.
And the great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or going to be a local problem, my students used their energy and their sense of creativity to help the other children.
And I can research a problem at the way I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit far away -- maybe to be able to take a harder problem, and also more close to me.
I am a half and half French -- and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a delivered terrorist in Japan.
It was so vulnerable that you have a number of giant waves -- called the statements, and those stations destroy several cities on the cost this one of Japan.
More than 14 people died on an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fundamine, a nuclear focus near the water.
And today, according to them an average of 300 tons are still filling the nuclear plant in the Pacific ocean.
Today, all the Pacific ocean has a continuous picture of Chinese pollution.
If we go to the West cost -- we can measure the future of Fundam everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radio is going out of the radio cost of the country -- and most of the time, it makes sure -- it's blue as well.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fundament every year from the accident.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we put into the control center here -- you see the use of different.
It might seem that they didn't take the work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the restaurant all his life.
And along with them with them that day, and we're talking about what we were going to do after -- the strategies and so on.
And to do this, we created a restriction map of the region around the nuclear energy.
We created the electronic map -- we interact pieces to represent data in real time in the reaction, and we run water in order to similar the world.
So we were able to notice that the radical poem was being filtered from the top of the mountain to the rock system and it was in the ocean.
And it was an approach of it.
But with the basis of this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear central to the dance.
We go up to about a miles of the nuclear central central central -- and with the help of the areas of the area we went out of the sea search with a piece of search to as we invented and build us.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with open and very simple technologies as well.
But at the same time, it's been more and more sad because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should be going to give the point and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a lot of small so we found an industrial institution in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space.
It is in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with a wood, metal, chemical -- a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology, basically can be built almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can come back with adult help and where adults can be children again.
Students: All right? </s> All of us.
State Harvard: We asked things like, we can invent the future of movement with reduced reducing reducing?
For example.
Or well, we can help in the movement of the population population to transform their standard world cells in new electronic vehicles in new electronics?
The plastic and the oil. oil are terrible legal, but the worst legal that we can leave our children are the ministers.
We can't allow them to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientists -- crimes, we need to predict the next generation for the environment and the people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two computers -- two cultural design culture.
One is made from thousands of pieces of story, the other one in a single single single one.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
You can put it on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michael Angeles said that when he looked at the way that he looked at the way, I saw a form that I fight for being free to be.
The sign was only a little tool of Michael angle.
But the living beings are not closed.
They grow up.
And in the smaller units of life, the cells, we take all the information to each of the information for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences too.
At least from the industrial revolution, the world of design has been made by the risk of manufacturing and production in mass of the mass.
The mountain lines have given a world made of parts of the designers and the imagination of designers and architecture.
But you don't find a computer material in nature.
Think of the human skin for example.
Our face skin are delivered with dialogue pays.
The legs of the back are more grandparent with little poor.
You act mostly as a film, the other one of the other, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no points.
This is a system that was going to look at its works through the variation of silence.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the world, the perception of every designers of each design and architecture to work at the top and the gene -- between the machine.
These two versions of the world, my left female and the right and stuff, and it shows in the two screen after me.
My work, in his most simple level, it's trying to bring these two videos in the world, moving out of the world and go down to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why was it not possible to do this 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a remote moment, where they trust four disciplines that offer designers to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interaction of these four fields -- my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and the tools and tools through scale.
So here we have released the climate, an artistic of the ancient architecture of the old Arab architecture -- and has created a screen where every force is only to model the form of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a fall. This was for a fat device of Paris with Iran -- it's like a second skin made from one piece made from one piece made from a single piece in the contents, flow around the card.
So along with 3D printing projects -- we print this layer and paralyzed 3D contact between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this is a little bit of race materials and white materials in the resolution of 20 microbes in it.
So this is the result of a human box.
It is also the result of a school school.
And the designers have access to this high resolution and the synthetic instrument -- it allows us to design products that take not only the shape of our bodies -- but also the physical structure of our tissue.
We have also designed an active chair -- a chair at the same time, comfortable and as well.
The professor Carrot, my collaboration we went back to nature to inspire it, and when you design this pattern of developing surface, it becomes substance.
We print this surface.
His surface.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't believe in a religious home, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Bible Bible, and one of them came up with me and he got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she relates, at the third day of creation -- God sent the Earth to grow a fruit coral tree care of front."
For that first cultural tree -- there would be no difference between transportation, books, leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a frustration.
In change, the land made trees grow trees with brains.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects get out of a single piece of piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the baby material -- the kind of material of the front tree with fruits -- and we found it.
The second bit more likely on the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like corners, crazy, scanners and marines.
We thought that if we could hold their properties -- we could generate molecular structures in one piece of piece in one piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shoulders,   We asked a lot of scars to take them up, and we put them out of the chest and we are going to make it statement.
By looking at the chemicals -- we have been able to get a broad range of property -- from dark and organization, to the light and transportation, substrate and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transparent and transformation
In order to print the structures in a big scale.
The robot could take the properties of the material on the sea and create these structures made from one single material -- 100 percent record.
When the pieces are ready -- you leave them to find them to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastics?
The air business that were an air of the air process that were used to have financial microbes that came out for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard year.
So along with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we set up the bacteria designed to capture very close carbon in the atmosphere.
So for the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of life to the battery, and if you take even more, to window.
A front tree care of frustration.
working with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life on the planet, and with a little bit of synthetic biology -- we have transformed a structure made of scars in an architecture that makes it like a tree.
And here is the best part of the best part of them designed for biomedical, put up in the sea -- they will feed the marine life -- and put on the ground -- help to grow a tree, they will help us grow a tree.
And the automate for our next explore using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating the life to keep life for the intelligence journey.
So to do that, we need to give the bacteria and control their flow to control their flow down.
So as the newspaper table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of lives of life created complicated and increased by biological way.
I like to think about the synthetic biology like the liquid plastic -- just that instead of taking very much very small metal metal -- you can see new biological works within very small people.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these clean bacteria cultures.
In our first piece of rock, they came up with two microscopes.
The first one is the world.
And I live in our oceans and in the hot water.
And the second one, the bacteria -- the bacteria that I had in human institutions.
And one becomes the light in cartoon, the other thing you can see and produce useful biologists for the built environment.
But these two microbes didn't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met them.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of rich.
Think about it as a evolution -- not by natural selection but evolution for design.
In order to tell these relationships -- we've created a single car that comes up to the diagnosed thing, that will help you flow these bacteria and get their function on the way.
And so we started to grow up those cells in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the designer of the designer.
If we wanted to be more photographs, we were designed to design the more transparent people.
This kind of strange diagram system, when it was going to be from an end to the other -- it would be about 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a factory field and 10 times as much as our intense interview.
And here it is, as a TED principle, our first police photographs, the bright checks with life inside of it.
Thank you.
Mars "Hey said, "We are creating half of it, only half the fact is done.
What if design would make the other half.
And if we could create structures that are going to increase the living material.
And if we were able to create personal microbes that are going to make our skin.
Think about this as a way to avoid biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D print is going to be able to be able to.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows up with sound.
This charge of the way, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture in which it is metal.
It does not be done to this level of sound.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but of two proteins in different control.
One act as a structure -- the other is the piece or the malaria, using those foundation between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the sea show is in the environment, it creates a tendency structure -- and then it starts to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And the understanding and company, the two forces of life -- you get them in a single material of life.
With the end of understanding how this complex process, we set up a small image to the head of a sea -- to the hill.
We put it into a box with a box with magnetic sensors and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visit the complex architecture of the shark of the short show.
And yet, when you put it out of the stay on a plane pain, not within a box -- we realized that I was going to be able to take a plant and still die of it.
So we started to design different environment, different artists, and we have discovered that shape -- the composition, the structure of the chair, it becomes directly by the environment.
They often look at the statements for the death inside of their changes, their sea gets rid and it's used in the text industry.
We saw that we had to design these molecules we can make a form of cross without having a single chart.
They are going to be metal, and we could create these things.
And so we used this process to the architectural scale.
We had a child robot making them statement, and we put us in our site there.
We knew that the sea shoes to more dark areas and fundamental areas -- so we use a solar diagram to send the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or openings, to block the landscapes of light and the heat of the heat of the state on the structure.
And we were prepared to get the drugs.
We were able to have 6,000 feet of her stage on a line.
And after we took it four weeks later, they were prepared with us.
We put them care on the bottom edge of the advantage, and as they did, they came up, they were coming up, they would be able to go up, they put them, and life begins again, as we are, but a lot more cut up.
Bush Former said that the understanding is the great interface and he was right.
When I was going to be a biological signal on the slide slowed on the slide slow, they give all of this set out of the interview.
And in a little more than two or three weeks.
And in a substance chemical, this is also the length of the street of the sea.
And the polices, after the concept, they produce about a million hours of eggs produce them.
This could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about
So here are the two versions of the world.
It's a short ice through a robotic arm -- the other one filled with.
So if the last source of design is to give the products and the buildings that are around us, to form a two materials, the designers have to join these two vision.
What brings us back to us, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design -- a new age of creation -- which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design, which is the first time, for the first time, that we make a lot of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
They raise your hand if you ever asked them "What do you want to be a larger?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the two.
three. Five -- three.
Now, raise your hand if you ask it, "What do you want to be a larger?
It has caused some kind of antibiotic.
And anybody anger.
I am somebody who could never answer the question "What do you want to be a larger?
The problem wasn't that I had any interest -- but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the art and the art, and I developed a website -- I was going to put it on a band in a page called Telescope called Telescope Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try and start to be able to try and take a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of artificial, this feeling of this -- this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in something else, which is totally different, and I got to go on it, and I leave you and I feel like that, I have found the mine, and then again this point where I start to get up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern causes me a lot of addiction, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure what I was going to become all of this in a career.
I thought I had to pick up one thing, to get all of my other passion, and I'm going to be able to get up.
Another reason that causes me so much, it was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad at me for me not to define me.
I was concerned to be afraid to be afraid to be afraid to be a shared, or to be advanced, or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done then.
Just ask themselves, where they learned to add the meaning of bad or a lot to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
And you ask us first "What do you want to be a larger?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matters what you tell that age.
It is a question that is considered to be able to give up the children in the children like being an analogy or be "any paradox or "I want to be a piece."
They get the finding of finding find out here.
This question is going to be over and over again as we grow out of different forms -- I stopped -- I went to the high school students to ask them that they are going to be able to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a larger?
It's going to be the last exercise of being the way that we get the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired to the kids who might be, it doesn't inspired to sleep with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite -- because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you have good things -- even though they are going to go out and say, "Oh, what's going on, but you can't be able to be aware of video and psychological.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chicago, and he is artificial and psychological views.
And this friend Nicole, I had become a college in challenge, business -- teachers and creative direction.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very involved in our culture.
This idea is this idea of the destiny or the idea that every one of us has something that will be going to do during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and will reduce their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that will take up their curious and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that sea.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it does not have a goal there.
And I feel that there's something bad with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You are a multiply.
A multiply is someone with many interest and creative activity.
It's a college to say.
It could help if you come up with three parts of them, multiple and day.
You can also use other terms that are taking the same idea.
In the time of the Remain, the ideal was that I was good to see a lot in multiple discussions.
Bar Shah is about us as "Seas."
They use any term that you like or invented one of them.
It seems like a kind of approach to a community, we can't agree with a single identity of it.
It's easy to see a lot of military as a light or adaptation that you have to see.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to be this way.
So here there are three multiple music.
One, the sense of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in interaction is.
The Hans Brown and Richard Bill express their shared interest in cartoonist, which is the data, travel and design.
Measure is a company that creates instantly inspiring grandmothers.
The Rome and Richard came up with this single idea for its unique choice of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in institutions.
That's where new ideas.
And multiple -- with all of their advances, they can access a lot of these interpretation points in it.
The second music is the fast.
So when we are interested in something, we're going to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are going to be primarily principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to try new things to try and get out of our component areas.
A lot of skills are transformative to other discussions, and we bring all of what we've learned to every new area that we're going to, so we would turn out of zero.
No one is a whole journey to a full time and an independent time.
And as a little bit of piece of picture is an incredible capacity to develop the muscle memory of it.
Now, she is the faster mechanism known as well.
Before you become a writer, no one was a financial platform of it.
And he had to learn the most end view when he started their practice -- and this ability helps him to write a conversation for the emergences.
Now it is a loss of time to be able to get to what you go in, even if you go at the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have before.
The third music will be abused. I mean, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Adam Californian is sometimes direct of videos -- other pages from website -- sometimes controlled from Kiribatis, sometimes a teacher -- and sometimes it looks like, James Book.
It's valuable because a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can take a number of roles -- depending on the needs of their customers up.
And I did the French magazine defined as the most important ability for development -- to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and pretty quickly that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to figure out the needs.
Students of ideas -- quick learning and advertising, three skills where music is very hungry, and three skills that you could lose if they're prepared to reduce their goal to reduce their goal.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to figure out what they are themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thought to do in front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart.
They went out of the wind knowing that they wanted to be perfect neuroscience.
They don't worry about it, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best team are made from a special and a multiply parallel mutation.
The special can be able to be able to put in deep and put ideas, and the multi-time has an algorithm of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we should all design lives and career that are taking in the way we are connected to it.
And unfortunately, to the multiple of them in a big part of them are getting them to simply be more like their special parks.
I once said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that this is this: I hope to the inner disconnect, it's what it is.
If you are a heart, then especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the music in the room.
They follow their curious for those corners of the conversation.
Let me show you the institutions.
It takes us out of our Internet delivering us to a more rich and happy life.
And maybe most importantly, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1911, a woman named August would take it to a process in Francisco.
And I was going to go up and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alexander did not know how to help Astaro, but I was coming through it until that, because of unfortunately, I would take it in 1960.
After his death -- Alamser did a subject and found some extra plates and forget in the brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone would have been lived today, we could not give it to her more help than Alpha gave him 11 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alexander Alpha.
And Alex Detail, the first patient in getting a difference that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
From 100 percent of the medicine.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from infections, a lot of treatment for the cancer.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alghan.
I'm a part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for the Alzheimer's for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million who by the way, by the way, in a lot of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 45 or more, the possibility of actually to be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years that go out of their year or helping us care to a friend or to be wanted to be Alzheimer's wasted.
It's only in the United States, the care of Alzhhhis costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical assistance is spending in the disease.
So today is the most expensive disease -- and their cost is a five times in the year, as you get the generation of the boat boat.
You may be surprised to them, but the Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been relatively little to get it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes of the whole world, the Alpha is the only one that you can't prevent it, and you can even deal with the development of it.
We understand less than the Alzheimer's than of other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times as much every year in the research of cancer than in the fact that the fact that the fact that it costs us more the Amazon and causes a similar number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world ought to be a disease.
For most of the last over the last over the last 11 years -- all of the scientists trust Alzheimer's alternative with age.
We think it's going to be sex in a normal and an innocent part of age.
But there are only a picture of a picture of a human brain in compared to the one of a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage by this disease.
In addition to getting a loss of memory of memory and mental skills -- the damage to the brain is caused by the fact that life is significant and it's always mortality.
remember, Dr. Algae found planets and strangers in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made of protect molecules today.
You can think of a problem of protein as a piece of paper that is a piece of paper as a original.
There are places in the paper that are profit.
And when it comes to it well, these penisment dots end up in the inner thing.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some of the penism points are in the outside of it.
So this makes the molecules of protect each other, making groups that can form large plates and operations.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alghan.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of America trying to understand how this distance works.
There are lots of steps -- and the identity of what happened to be complex is complex -- how to detect a bomb.
It will be able to do anything.
You can take the other people to make the book explore it.
You have to find the right step that the wrong step -- and then create a drug to do it.
Until recently, in its most part of them have been reduce and waiting for the better.
But now there is a different group of people, medical people, biologists, generations, physical and mathematical and math innovations.
And together, we have managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's now trying a new kind of drugs that take specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in the way.
These are the healthy shoes, and you can see that they move with normal.
These walks, on the other hand, you have a problem of protein that are played with each other within them, as in humans with Alghan.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs in a early stage then we see they healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result -- but the research like this shows that the Alzheimer's a disease is a disease that we can understand and cut up.
After 145 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be able to do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope -- to figure out Archive, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that the emissions is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases -- the patients and their families have been more research, and you have a bit more research.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 dollars.
Today we see that same unit to see cancer.
But the patients of Alzheimer's often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the charities of the high cards of their being given day and night, they're often too often to go out and get through the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not is, in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain run the risk to the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk to them, and help you want to have a cure one.
Thank you.
I published this article in the control of the New York Times from this year.
In order to fall in love with somebody to do this.
The article is about a psychological study -- designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I try it one night in the past summer at the time.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strange people are going to be able to make 30 more personal questions.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up morning with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number two: When was it the last time you take a person to another person.
What do you do?
As it goes up, these are more and more personal people.
Number 30,000 -- -- -- I really like your partner to your couple of what you would get out of him or her, and I know so much about this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone who has ever known about.
When I took up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention.
So, it was special about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also interviewing.
And when I had the opposite to test this study with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
We don't know, we fall in, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the control I love modern love a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's accessible -- so I guess some of you probably ask them to ask you, keep together there?
And the reason I think that you know, this is because they have done this question over and over at the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But we come back to the issue.
One week before the article was very nervous was very nervous was there.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the romantic love in my blog.
But a little blog can come to a few hundreds of view as a lot, and those were usually just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousands of view.
And that makes a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship of it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on the line a version of the night, and I already happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the document, I had been called the Earth Shake and the American Montana America.
In one month, the article received more than eight million vision.
One thing is to be able to write the trust by writing with a lot of search experience, but another thing is to discover that life love of a has been an international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationships.
And when people called or write what they did every day for weeks -- always the same question.
In fact, when I was looking at this talk -- I made a quick search in the boat of my email with the photograph of my email with the photograph of my empathy.
And a number of messages came out of it.
They were from students and newspapers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a famous woman to the stage, "Oh, Manhattan is your novel?
And I immediately got red to me.
And I understand that this is part of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable by it.
But I was not prepared for the answer.
The 35 questions seemed to have lived life.
In fact, the New York Times published a computer article for San Valley, which includes the experiences of the lessons to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first public for all of this attention was to be a lot of respected with my own relationship to me.
I said not to every oil that both of them are going to make an audience together.
And you get into television interview -- and you give them a picture of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to turn up in the innovation in the innovation of the form of fire -- a route for the one I didn't feel at the time.
And I understand that people did not want to know only if the study worked -- they wanted to know if it really worked -- I mean, if I was able to produce lover love, not just a advance, it's not just a way, it's real love, I love it.
But this was a question I didn't feel like to answer me.
My relationship had just just a few months, and I felt about all, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we go together to keep together or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 35 questions.
Dr. Art Arter wrote first about these questions in this same study in 2010, and there, the goal of the researchers was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for the international statements between college students -- using what Aristotle was called a serious personal approach, progressive and reported.
It sounds radio, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. several right studies were also using the President Fast Protection as a very quick way to create trust and interaction between strange things.
They have used it between members of the police and the community -- and they've used it between people of political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I tried the last summer -- that I can change personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was taken in this article but unfortunately, it never was published in it.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of light arts and then a student came up to me and he told me with the story, I tried the study and didn't work.
He looked at it for it.
And I said, "You want to say that you fall out of the person who did it do?
Well, he did a passion.
I think she just wants you to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
You feel that I would know better after trying to try to try and try the study?
The advance.
So, I said, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I took it to the study for the first time when I was 99 and I was going on a really difficult separate way.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I was supposed to probably all my adult life, and he was my first love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I came back in science.
I went across all that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I would expect that that could be a kind of look at the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time at the time I thought only for the book that he wrote to the book who wrote but in determine, it seems to be a really obvious thing.
I thought that if I went up with the knowledge of the romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I sat there.
And all of this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relevant.
I have more trust to figure out what you look for.
But I can also see me more clearly and I can realize that what you look for is sometimes more than most of the thing you can do to me.
What you look for from love is a race, not just being loved today and going to be love today, but that I would continue to be loved by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the reason that people were asking when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told us about the 35 questions is that there may be a little bit to get in.
There may be a way for some way for some sort of minimum risk -- and this is a very advanced story, because in love it makes us feel wonderful but it's also stability.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The story of the story that I said, still keep together.
And his content with an answer of know or No.
So more than a question, I would be able to ask you more difficult questions.
How do we stay in love with the things that are complicated and how to know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with the engagement that including a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more cool conversation about what it means to love.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship -- this is this one, a year ago, a known study and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we still go together -- and I'm very happy to create together.
But in love is not the same thing to stay out.
We're going to be the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote -- love didn't happen.
We need to be in love because we take the choice to be.
And I tell me a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered all of what that choice.
It doesn't consider how many of you will have that decision -- and how long you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose to choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and respond 35 questions to be able to love someone so general, and I had a fun and fun.
But what I've done -- in change is to turn my relationship into the kind of me in which I don't believe it.
And what you find -- and what maybe spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want you to have the very happy thing in the title of my article -- which is, at the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write about.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody and the hope that he also love me, and it's stability, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a little bit of the mountain and in a way I came up with a lot of the forest.
The city of New York is a time ago,   something that I really affect me, but more detail to it.
I'll start with eight years old.
I took a wood box -- and then it would be able to be a bill of a dollar -- a police and a state on it somewhere in State.
And I thought some strange humans or a few of them would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
In all ways, it is because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing box.
At a time when I was in America -- I like to go out of except and make up and all those things -- and I was doing a collection for my mother.
And I took a doctor and I opened up all the pages and I made a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of substance -- and it came up with a resistance and a bee left in the state.
Well, my mother is afraid to the bees and it's all the way I get more responsible in the story, thinking I could hide it.
In change, it happened to it, in some way it seemed like it goes out of size -- as if you would look at the text with a light.
So what I did did I do -- I built more.
So this time, I started to add electronic elements -- roots, strange elements that I was finding on the street, all I could find because I was looking for things all my life, trying to remind them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
And I can be able to draw the same thing that makes it all around a sea at the scene of the creatures in the stage.
And I took the objects and I created my own spectrum of species.
First of all, books that will be able to make an idea.
And then I did a few and the strange creatures and so on.
It was very fun to draw in the resident cases.
And it was great, because I began to be able to move together and those things, and I was making some money, to take my name to dinner, for example, go to Michael.
It was station, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to the bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
I began to draw in the glass layers -- similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window -- and I had all these windows together that they made a three-dimensional company.
And this really worked. And so I was able to stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my works with something very big -- I call the "scores?"
So for the scale for the "score I was inspired in the Garden of the Delica Delicate who is a painting on the museum of the Prince in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic.
They say it's a little bit advanced to your time.
Well, the training -- I'll explain this piece here.
And you put 11 pounds away.
5 feet long.
It has twice a face, so it's 10 feet away from it.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood one.
On the left -- it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with animals travel between two world.
They go from the world of representation, to this information information where you get it.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are going to get to the failure -- you ready to be able to suggest in mass of the ocean.
The ocean is made of thousands of elements of them.
This is a bird God on a strength.
Bill Grand is in the sea -- the Hollywood plant -- the penism of the Delay Buddhist, Warner, the Redwood Book Laborator, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a bit of a commercial.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and oil oil in a hand while the other hand will come up with it.
Their hands are like balls, and it seems to be a minimate that keeps the Earth and companies in balance there.
So it's a little bit of the scale.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That is the hand that I supported.
And then, when you go on the other hand, it has a story, like a piece of birds and show up of this story.
It also has a year of five feet long than a sea contact that makes the training.
In all of the ways, he set up fire when you put it on a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
You know, you know, you know.
His tail ended up in a culture of culture made out of the terrorists in order to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 19th century, as if they were border cards of the terrorists.
It takes me to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "The Prayers Canalyzer.
It's about a six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an adventure of our culture, through media and material are employees, dictionaries or records.
But each one of you act like a kind of advance in a way of being human to be human and travel in groups of 20 or 12 at the time.
They are like cells, they together, they go together, they come together.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microbes that weight 1,000 pounds with a human human in his inner inside.
This has a little head in the fight.
That's the head -- it's the fight, you can go into the state.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body -- there's a case that comes out of the fight -- and he put it out of the piece or not personality, or what it is, one kind of artificial thing.
It's a quick rate of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have caps, you can see.
This is a body part of the half.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few of them who come out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little fundamental scene inside the technical activity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these box, just like the box that we live in.
We are in a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a train box -- it's called Poor Women.
In this box there is a physics -- a primary, a primate, a music, a spread, a radio, a mass, a museum -- a school, a school, a school arm that does all the content that we do in the world and a garden.
We have the box and all of the people in the top of each other with each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you deploy who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we came to realize that all of us are together in this, which is that this light that we are different -- these concept of the countries, from religion doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we didn't start to change those things with horrible and usually we're all going to die very soon again.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head on your head.
They take a spirit.
But so that this could have an effect against pain.
It will take a world is the most effective and insulin system so that any drug takes in the body.
The destroyed, though, is that when you bring it any drug discussing it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV patients.
When you take antibiotics drugs -- these are going to be survived to give the amount of virus in the blood and increase the CEO of CD.
But they're also known by their high school effects -- in their most negative effects -- because in the time that they're going to get to the blood rock, they give up, and worse and worse at the time that they're going to get to their descender, which is where it's more important in the HIV depression.
These are regions of the body as the neuron games, the nervous system, the networks, where the virus.
However, after the treatment of treatment -- the virus can wake up and get new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of living life in the way that it is.
One day, I felt and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the design of the virus without the risk of detectors?
As a scientific experience in laws, the answer was in front of me, of course.
So if you use it in organization, for the care care and surgery.
In fact, we are already using the leaders of law to open up or to be extremely small holes that open up and sound almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to bring the drugs into it.
The best you ask them, "How is that possible.
We sent a little and powerful roof on the cell metaphor of HIV while these cells are going on in a liquid that contains the drug.
The leader is going on in the cell as the cell is going to be the drug in the question.
Before you can even realize it, the hole is prevented immediately up.
We're going to be trying this technology in vision or in Pole players, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible. You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head -- which is our leader, we will do an increase in the site of information.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes up to the site of information.
And finally, the third head -- the third head, which is a discussion that would lead directly in the site of information, while the leader is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it has successful -- this technology can lead to the total emergency of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV ...
This is the dream of all researchers of HIV in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I have been studied with non-lineagening groups -- organizations like terrorists, industrial or military.
Donato what these groups do when they're not stopping.
My goal is to get better to these genes of violence of violence and study ways of getting the transition of the violence of the violence of the violence of the violent paralyzer.
I do a field work in the world of politics and the biomarkers.
To understand these groups is a key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a willing to be an ancestor.
Not no.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the governments are not government.
So for example, from the 2420 peace of peace in the middle of peace and 2010, 99 percent of them were made between a state and an act of a government.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to do it or put them into any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it is to do to these organizations in it.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but no one is what they do when they don't fight it.
The free struggle and the politicians are not related to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less to determine them without a global vision.
The heart groups today are complex organizations today.
So for example, the Harrow Harrow, known by its violent victim against India.
From his creation in the 1970s, Harvard has also set up a political part, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way the Harry Palestine, known by its own super-state attack against Israel -- also administrated the Fabric of Garden since 2007, too.
So these groups do more than just stopping.
They're multiply.
They stop a complex machine of communication, radio stations, sea sites of the Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the experiments.
The head groups also invest in a complex funny bottom of strangers, but by residential businesses for example, for example, companies.
These activities are key to them.
They allow them to get these groups to increase their strength, to increase their bottoms, to make better and build their sea.
The head groups also do something else -- they create more sources with their population in social services in social services as well.
They build schools build schools, they put them into a lot of professional form programs or microscope.
Hello does all of these services and more.
They also try to tell the population about the population of something that the state is not graduating, security and protect protect as well.
The rate of the talents in an Afghanistan deployed by the war or even the beginning of the Spanish rate of Israel, you can also understand the effort of these groups for making security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has a price that has a primary price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services means to fill a vaccine, a gap left by the government, and it allows these groups to be able to be able to be able to be power.
So for example, the power of 200 percent of the Hall Handrawans can't be able to recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West -- when we look at the heart groups we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the sources of these groups -- the strategy or the long-term view of the long-term view.
These groups are horrible.
They grow up because they full in the government of the government, and they come up with the horrible and political groups -- they participate in the violent struggle and they give government.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations -- less we can take them up as a state to a state.
How do you call a group like Harvard?
And they do a part of a terrorist, and they took all of their work, and they get the back, and they have the statement system.
Is it a state? It's a region region?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is III?
The lines went away.
We live in a world of states without state and horrible, and the more bad people are the states -- as in the Middle East, the most they are in the Middle East and full of that gap is not government.
This is important for governments because to control these groups will have to invest more in the military tools.
It will take that government.
This is very important as well.
If you get better to the heavy groups -- we will get better to be able to get the transition of violence.
In this new device between states and an alternative power -- the military power can win some bacteria -- but we're not going to give us peace or station.
In order to achieve these goal, we need a long time to fill up in the security amount of security to fill that government of government that allowed these groups to provide in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a failure as a woman and as a female female.
My choices about gender gender are version, but I'm afraid to be able to accept the shape of "So, the "malaria would be incomplete for feminists.
I'm a female, but pretty bad.
And so I got up as a bad feminist.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad female and then in interviews, people started to call me the Manhattan Feynman Mandela.
So what it started as a personal book to myself and a delicious profession, has become something bigger to me.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young when I was young -- especially in my age and at the age of 20 years, I had some strange ideas about feminists, and these hands -- advanced with the men and they hate sex as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated all over the world and you know, in particular, it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the subject that I was using the people who were using people that could be female.
It's going to be taken as a feminist was an acceleration, a word and delivered.
And I was given as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is too high with high automation, and it goes up to believe that it's the same or a man.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I are, in fact, female, and also, proud of it.
For me, certain careers are reduced, women are the same to men.
We are going to look at the same store for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have the right to use in a very easy way and access and the reproductive services and the reproductive services and the reproductive services and the reproduction of the reproduction.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of legitimate control or excited doctors.
We have the right.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender and religion and sexual conditions and a lot more.
We have to realize these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that what we have in common.
without this kind of institution, our female is nothing.
For me, these truth are events, but to be clear -- I'm a destiny.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another concept.
When it comes to the work, I hear a lot of it arrived to the whole thing.
Even though the letters of women and obsessed to me deep States, the Clark Salary Stephen Stephen from the United States.
"I do it with your mountain show.
Period, it moves until you get the corner?
Think about it.
Poor poems, right?
I am completely mortality for my music.
I believe at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- --  -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- and also kill insects -- the care capitalism of the skin and the management of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The room is my favorite color here.
And I enjoy the motor managers and the bad things.
And I can see "The Battery and the romantic commercials, and I have a lot of stars of the spots that are reality.
Some of my delights are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to give up the application of his husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who to fight it.
If a woman decided to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice.
The problem is not that it becomes economic to this same choice -- the problem is that our society is connected to the women that make women be economic when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
And I respond to the conventional family that has managed or destroyed the needs of the color of color -- the workers and the transitions, and the transition of white women, seriously, from the middle and high children.
listen to them, if that's a good female I'm a very bad.
It also happens to it, as a female, I feel a lot of pressure as well.
So we have this trend of putting female female in a policy.
We hope that they want to go down to perfect.
When they demonstrate, we would take them up with a lot of the same policy where we put them.
As I said, I am a destiny -- I am a destiny of that poetry before they try to put them there.
And too many women, particularly the engineers and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being taken as females.
They are afraid to put up and say, "Yes, I'm a female for fear to what that store, for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Let's take for example, or like I call it, the Diano.
And in the last few years is a fear feminist.
And in the Video music video of 2010, in MIT, act in front of the word "for the word "for three meters old.
It was a kind of kind of subject -- looking at this star of the poem open up the female and making women know the women and young men who will be female is something to be proud of.
We spend the time -- cultural critical creatures started to be intentional if Beijer was or not quite femaler.
They came up with their families, rather than just believe the word of an adult woman.
We are going to go out of the females, because we are still fighting for a lot, we want a lot. We need so much.
We're going to get much beyond the feeling of the feeling of feeling and construction to design the female of any woman -- it will figure it out.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or more well, a more including feminist is the point.
But what happens later.
We went out of recognize our jobs to tell you, going to the action and to be a little bit more.
If I hear music music -- I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by making a file subject.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we put the change to the change for their gains.
It certainly is hard.
Why does it have their music to be so primate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to take a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are going to do that it makes it more difficult for women to achieve the equality -- the same thing that we all look at and is our responsibility to us.
I think of my shoes, three and four years old.
These are two young girls and the brilliant girls, and it's also very smart, I want you to grow in a world.
Where you do it by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best choice is going to be used as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the challenge when a television program is about the sexual violence against women as a demonstration, you can see the Table of Tropics.
We can change the radio emergency when we listen to songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the quote on another part when the movies are not trying to women as a medical objects as well.
So we can stop support the professional descriptions where they try to get into their parks as a book store.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in his magazine -- to participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a number of women, as much to participate as to make decisions to make decisions to do.
I'm not going to work with you until you get your audience, or your organization is more including a more advertising range of people.
Those of us who are considered but invited to participate in this kind of projects -- we can also be able to be able to be even even even more like the more as we are going to be able to put out of the cards to the books of the decision.
Because we are no longer performances -- without these efforts -- without taking up these position.
We can make these small act act and wait for our decisions to get to the one, and the people in the power of direct and music and music, CO2, the legitimates, the people who can take big decisions -- more valuable people, to create a landing and significant change.
We can also take it up with our feminist, well, bad or anything else.
The last line of my book "Make Medicard Feynman: says, "Car to be a bad female to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I tell you, about all, because I took my voice to me and the female helped me remember it.
There was an accident.
I call it an income to do in front of what happened.
A few guys were given when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started believe that it wasn't anything.
And then I worked my voice, and after everything I don't think I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing it.
And I went back to me.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like the me, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin.
And the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure it.
And through the writing and friends, I also discovered that if it was a little value, another woman could hear and look at me and see that none of us is all the way the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other hand, I hold the huge reality that I am just a woman.
I am a bad female, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without taking everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little value, when you need to get it out of such a way.
Just after Alice last year, 13 children in California, they had supermarket to have seen Delica or by being explored to someone who had been there.
The virus then brings up the front with Canada, getting more than 100 children in it.
One of the critical things about this boom is that the supermarket that can be a child for a kid with a child system, it's one of the most easy diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Delica Brazil had not been vaccines because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be even worse, the autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that comes out of the police on cars and the vaccines are depressed and marketing to be a failure to be a delivered fragment by the Medical Medical Mandela.
It doesn't believe the most smart scientists that the vaccines cause cars is a station?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still trying to make the vaccines put their children to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the extinctions of the increase in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the car was considered a very remote disease.
And the few psychology and ask that I had heard about it to be able to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades.
But then, in the decade of 2010, the numbers started to get up.
You know, the stranger organizations like add Associations are released by cars as an epidemic -- as if I could tell you from another child in Delico.
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines -- what is it?
If you ask the people from the center of the center of the center of the center of College College what is going on, they tend to go down in factors as "recently distance creatures and a better generation of cases to explain these growing financial.
But that kind of language doesn't make a lot of the fear of a young mother to look at in the face of his two years, the visual control.
So if you have to be able to go up, why were they so reduced to the beginning.
Why were the cases, so hard to find before the decade of the 1950s."
five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the slow and heart of science that with the power power of normal.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car is and how you found out, but that story turned out, but that story turned out to be great, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of cars that had lost and forgotten in the dark remote of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story it starts with a child process, and I read Kanza, from the hospital.
And they could fun for hours on the hands of the hands to their face, but they were pressure for the painting for the penguins like when you didn't have their favorite play in his favorite place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinical clinical in his clinic Kan, Kanzi is very rare to be very rare in their own.
By the age of FDA -- as a major authority of the world in the subject of the world, I was going to see that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their students as it comes out of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be extracted, because the Karkers in Karen for the dynamics of cars were very research.
So for example, I was going to give you that diagram to children with conservations, but now we know that ecologists is very common in autism.
And once he had turned out to be nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their construction to be cars without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kander was a smart man, but part of his theory were not close to them.
The cars as a form of child projects caused by cold parents and destinations.
These kids, he said, you know, you have taken care of a result that not disappeared.
At the same time, though, Kanza noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are used in certain areas like music -- math and memory around.
One of the children in his clinical could be able to tell me between 18 ways before it was two years before I was two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite disconscienties, he said, "Beauty said, "Beautor."
But Japan. He had a bad order of these skills -- making things like the kids were just asking what they had ever heard of his own people who had gone to their parents as well as they would win their approach.
As a result, the autism became a strong source for families and two generations of cars were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general world.
It wasn't even the way that we did the researchers that the researchers started to test the Kanzan theory that the car was wrong.
Luck Alice, College College of London, I thought the theory of the mothers of Kanza was pretty study.
She and his wife, John were changed and advanced, and they had a profound daughter called Sadden.
Long and John knew how hard it was to create a girl as super-state services with no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to define the National National service that they needed more resources for cars and their families and his colleagues and his colleagues Judge Goal decided to do something that you should have done 30 years before.
They had a research study in the general population.
They did a sub-Saharan Superhard called Carrot to try to find the cars in the community.
What you saw was of course that the model of Kenya was too limited, because the reality.
Some children could not talk at all, while others were formed in its fascinated by the proportional profit, in the dinosaurs or in the gender of the light.
On the other way, these kids didn't fit in the little bodies and supposed -- as he said June, and you saw a lot of them, much more than the computer model of Japan.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had no longer prevented from these kids before.
But then Lucify found an article to an article that was published in 1946, the next year, the next year, the next year, and then then I forgot it down under a terrible time that no one wanted to remember it.
Kandar knew about this article of the competition -- but I went to start to mention it in their own work.
There was not even a tradition to English -- but in front of the Laboratory was talking about, and he brought it to it.
The document has an alternative story of autism.
His car was a man called Handrells Arthury, which I would tell a clinical school with an interested school in Vietnam in the 1930s.
The ideas of Supher to teach children with children with a little learning was progress even for the statements of the contractors.
The morning in his clinic began with the kinds of exercise with music, and the children would follow their games on the afternoon, and so on.
Instead of putting up the parents of causing cars and assignment that described it as a political distinction of life that I needed for support forms of support and spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in your clinical as patients as a patients -- assignment that their little teachers -- and it was going to help us in the development of education that were especially addicted for them.
And it's going to be able to look at cars as a fun continent that would be able to have a different variety of dollars and distance.
He believed that the cars and the cars were common -- and they have always been able to be able to look at this kind of continue of this continue to put out in the culture of put out as the social science and the distance teachers in the distance.
He was even beyond saying -- that for success in science and art -- a piece of cars is essential to it.
Look at it and Judge found that Japan.
In the next few years, I was working on the United States associated with the United States of the diagram that will come out of the diversity of what they called an authority of any automatically authority.
And at the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 90 percent, their changes came into violation, by holding the limited model.
These changes did not make it out in the broken thing.
And called called Carnegie, when I was working between the states to reduce these creature.
First of the way I was able to take "Arabic Manhattan in 1998, only a little circle -- I was going to have a little circle -- but after the income act of Death Holidator as Ranger Bank and the Reveral Manhattan March and the Research Mandela with four pieces of the Action, primaries, teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism.
At the same time, they became the first clinical evidence of using the autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a dynamic for his child.
The combination of "Rome Manhattan changes -- the changes of these evidence and the interactive of these evidence created an effect of network -- a perfect top of the autism.
The number of doctors started to go in, just like they were able to come in, just like Laborator and Judge, in fact they would expect that the people with cars and their families finally got the support and the services that are getting away.
And so Andrew Walter came to put up the vaccines by the increase in the diagnosis, and a simple story and secret history is just as bad as the Karl theory that the car was inefficient.
If the state of the center of the heart center that one in eight children in the United States are in the spectrum -- it's right, the cars are one of the largest moral groups in the world.
In the last few years, the car people have been used on the Internet to collect the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new doctors -- by taking the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human conflict.
One way of understanding nature is to think in terms of human operating systems.
And the fact that a GDP doesn't work with Wikipedia, it doesn't mean that it's roll.
And according to the United States, the normal human brain is easily different, obsessed and suffering from an attention.
No doubt -- the car people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still coming up to Ashapan, which creates the "fish for the most exciting aspects of cars are in the understanding of teachers are in the understanding of teachers -- statements of support -- and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A woman named Julian Zips once said, "We need all of the hands in covered the bond of humanity?
And as we went down to a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to get out of a brain.
Thank you.
